 Advisors 86 Glossary 87 2 NAHL Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 AT A GLANCE NAHL Group plc operates in the UK Consumer  Legal Services market across three divisions. Current staff 220 Consumers supported 151,178 Care experts 164 Our Vision To provide exceptional service to our consumers  and customers by being outstanding at everything  we do. Our Mission To become the leading provider in our  chosen consumer legal services markets by:  ¡ creating trusted brands that enable consumers to  access the law;  ¡ forging strategic customer partnerships that create  mutual value; and  ¡ embracing developing technologies to reach and  interact with our consumers and customers. Key milestones since flotation Jul 2015 Acquired Best Value Conveyancing Cementing our position in   the residential property market. Oct 2015 Acquired Bush & Company Rehabilitation Building on our expertise in Personal Injury (PI) by  expanding into the catastrophic injury market. May 2014 Floated NAHL Group plc on AIM Investing in our future, increasing  our profile and status, signalling our  intention towards future growth. Feb 2015 Acquired Fitzalan Partners Entering the residential property  market, diversifying our business. 3 NAHL Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial statements Governance Strategic report Revenue £8.3m  Underlying operating profit £1.4m  Revenue £11.0m  Underlying operating profit £3.9m  Revenue £31.7m  Underlying operating profit £11.0m  Our trading divisions Personal Injury  National Accident Helpline  (NAH) Attracting consumers via its market  leading brand, sympathetically validating  the legitimacy of their claim and  connecting them to an appropriate   expert law firm. Critical Care  Bush & Company Rehabilitation  (Bush) Market leading provider of Case Managers  and Expert Witnesses to solicitors and  insurance companies in support of serious  and catastrophic injury victims. Residential Property  Fitzalan Partners and Searches UK (Fitzalan and Searches) Utilising proprietary web-based platforms  to target prospective homebuyers and  sellers in order to provide conveyancing,  searches (via Searches) and survey  services via a carefully selected panel of  law firms, conveyancers and surveyors. Key milestones since flotation Jan 2016 Acquired Searches UK Significantly expanding the product  offering of the residential property  division providing a comprehensive  service to consumers. Jul 2017 – Established Your Law LLP,   our first ABS with NewLaw Solicitors Getting closer to the claim, delivering  improved consumer experience. Nov 2017 – Established second   ABS with Lyons Davidson Solicitors Trading as National Law Partners and  continuing our intention to increase  involvement in the claim and be  Impressive!” – Marie, Trustpilot 16 NAHL Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 The Group has experienced both growth and  considerable challenge during 2017 and delivered  a strong performance overall. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Steve Halbert Chairman Profit before tax £12.4m 2017 Revenue  £51.9m Divisional Review – Personal Injury During 2017 we made strong progress in preparing for  the regulatory changes previously announced by the  Ministry of Justice. It is anticipated that these changes  will take place no earlier than Q2 2019.   Our preparation for these changes included a  brand relaunch for National Accident Helpline and  the establishment and operational launch of two  ABS ventures. These ventures involve investment  in certain types of PI cases, with a consequential  deferral of cash flow, revenue and profit  recognition. We continued to invest in cases with  our strategic PLF partners.    Metrics from our brand relaunch in June 2017 have  been building and we are pleased with progress,  operating under the theme ‘When it’s wrong, make  it right’.   Investment in cases with PLFs and through our  ABS ventures changes our medium-term profit   and cash profiles as we build the number of cases  in progress, and is the primary reason behind the  reduction in Group profits in the current year. PI  operating profits are down from £14.1m in 2016 to  £11.0m in 2017, with the related deferral of profits  intended to support future earnings’ stability   and predictability. Early indications from our ABS  ventures have been positive, moreover, we are  already identifying ways to improve their returns,  supporting our strategy of investing in ABS  structures. Our preparations for regulatory changes continue  in 2018, particularly in relation to the  consequences of the expected significant change  in the small claims limit, and the potential  compensation available for low value whiplash  injuries in road traffic accidents (RTA). We  anticipate a broadly unchanged landscape in terms  of the number of accidents, and the number of  consumers seeking redress, but expect to  experience a progressive reduction in PLF appetite  for these smaller value cases. Our strategy is twofold – namely to continue to  work with our PLF partners and ABS ventures on PI  cases, whilst establishing processes in-house to  support consumers who might be unable to access  justice through more traditional channels. Whilst  our PLF partners may be less inclined to work with  smaller value cases, handled correctly, we believe that  I am pleased to report the Group’s results for the  year ended 31 December 2017. Summary of Financial Performance 2017 has been a year of considerable change for  the Group, primarily in our Personal Injury (PI)  division. We performed as expected, with 2017  revenue ahead at £51.9m (2016: £50.6m), primarily  due to a 5.5% increase in PI revenues. Underlying  operating profit declined as expected to £14.5m  (2016: £18.0m), reflecting marginal growth in our  non-PI businesses and significant structural  changes in our PI division, as we invested in cases  through our newly launched ABSs. Total operating  profit was £12.6m, down from £16.2m in 2016, after