 1    Cloudcall Group plc  Registered number: 05509873  Highlights   Revenues up 42% to £6.9m (2016: £4.9m)   Recurring revenues up 55% compared to 2016   87% of income now either recurring or repeating* (2016: 85%)   Gross margin 80% (2016: 79%)   EBITDA loss (excl. share based payments) reduced to £1.9m (2016: £3.0m)   £5.7m new equity raised during the year (before issue costs)   £4.9m cash at year-end (2016: £3.2m)   £1.85m undrawn revolving credit facility with Barclays   Net cash absorbed by operating activities down 34% year on year to £1.6m     23,520 users as at 31 December 2017 - up 45% (2016: 16,200)   875 customers (2016: 750)   Average customer size increased to 27 users - up 24% year on year   Increased investment takes headcount up to 119 from 89 last year   Strengthening relationship with Bullhorn offers further opportunities for  growth following Bullhorn’s acquisitions of Connexys during the year, and  Talentrover and Jobscience in early 2018    New unified communications architecture successfully launched to Bullhorn  customers in Q4   Launch of new Microsoft Dynamics CRM integration built on CloudCall’s new  unified communications architecture   Instant Messaging / SMS functionality moves into testing ahead of expected  launch during Q2’18  *Recurring revenue is that related to contracted subscription based products. Repeating revenue is related to pay-as-you-go  telephony revenue which, whilst not directly contracted, has a high degree of visibility and predictability.   Cloudcall Group plc  2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements    live to approximately 5 weeks, meaning that new customers commence billing earlier than has  previously been the case. Customer satisfaction is continuing to climb, evidenced by the fact that our  customer support team continues to deliver excellent support ratings averaging 96%, and the number  of customers required to be managed by our “at-risk” triaging process has also fallen during the year.  The net effect of this has been a 10% reduction in monthly churn rates achieved over the course of  the year, and we continue to see improvements as we enter 2018.  Constrained growth  Whilst these growth rates are impressive, our performance was, to some extent, restricted by a number  of constraining factors. Indeed, 2017 would be better described as being a year of consolidation and  preparation, with the business focussing on strengthening the foundations that will support future  growth.  Prior to the fundraise in the autumn, of which the VCT/EIS element received HMRC advance approval  on 29 November, the Group was undeniably cash constrained with available cash resources only  allowing for limited investment in sales and marketing activity. Growth rates to date have been achieved  with minimal outbound marketing, and with sales staff numbers held at minimum viable levels. This  lack of dedicated resources has historically held back the rate of new customer acquisition, particularly  in the US, where our addressable market is four or five times that of the UK.  In the run up to the year-end, and continuing into 2018, the additional funds raised are allowing us to  begin expanding our sales and marketing functions and I look forward to reporting on progress later in  the year.   Cloudcall Group plc  2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements  Strategic Report     8    Cloudcall Group plc  Registered number: 05509873  Resource limitations were also being keenly felt in product development, where for much of the year a  significant portion of our software development resource was focussed on rebuilding our core  infrastructure into a robust, multi-channel communications platform that would enable us to scale more  quickly in 2018. This exercise naturally restricted our ability to launch new revenue impacting products  and services in 2017.  An improved platform to facilitate growth  Driven largely by the millennial generation, there is an underlying shift from the more traditional  methods of communication towards texting and instant messaging. To allow the Group to take  advantage of this trend it was necessary to rebuild the underlying architecture to efficiently expand its  product beyond supporting just voice communications to include texting and messaging capabilities as  part of a multi-channel unified communications solution.  Historically, CloudCall built bespoke solutions for each CRM partner, resulting in differing levels of  functionality and an ongoing development overhead associated with maintaining these multiple bespoke  software bases.  Continuing with this approach, would have necessitated building bespoke iterations of  any new feature, such as SMS or messaging, for each supported CRM integration.   The new platform architecture is designed with the software components broken down into modules  and held centrally as a ‘software library’.  This allows CRM integrations to be built as simpler  frameworks, that ‘pull’ their required functionality modules from this central software library.  This  approach has multiple benefits in that it improves consistency, lowers maintenance overheads, allows  for faster deployment of new functionality and increases the ease and speed of new integrations with  additional CRMs.   The updated solution also significantly improves the user interface and provides a more intuitive user  journey.  In November, our latest Bullhorn integration was released on this new platform.  Since then  we have also released a new integration with Microsoft Dynamics CRM on the new platform and expect  to have finished upgrading our Salesforce integration by May 2018. Feedback from customers using  the new platform has been extremely positive.    Now that this fundamental architectural change has been made, we are able to move forward at a  much faster pace. I’m pleased to be able to report that since the year-end, development work