 5,816% At a glance Our portfolio consists of a range of world-class software and education services: market- leading Student Information Systems that underpin the student journey from recruitment  to successful outcomes; a broad range of education services covering quality assurance,  peer review, improvement and inspections; and a student survey and analysis business,  i-graduate, that provides the leading global benchmarks for student experience. Our vision is simply: to empower the  world of education. We strive to research, develop and deliver the  products, services and solutions needed by  education institutes across the world to support   their primary goals of educating their students,  providing optimum learning experiences and  ultimately delivering successful outcomes. Our vision  leads to a simple mission to guide our business. Our mission: to provide the  expertise,  software and  services required  by education  and business  organisations  worldwide  to underpin  student success. Extensive and long-standing  customer relationships We enjoy deep and long-term   relationships with our customers  across all education sectors.  Broad, complementary  portfolio We offer an extensive portfolio of Student  Information software that is uniquely  complemented with a wide range of Education  Services, including quality assurance,  assessment and benchmarking.  Educational expertise   and focus Our deep educational domain expertise has been  developed through a long and successful history  of working with, and focusing on, the education  market, and our team includes many previous  education practitioners.  International delivery  and insight Our business operates globally, and actively  collects and shares best practice and market  insight with our worldwide customer base. From easing the administrative and student  management activities of universities, to partnering  with schools and colleges to improve their  performance, we look to offer the products and  services that will enable education institutes to  maintain their focus on the quality of learning and  development offered to their students.  Our key strengths Tribal Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 Where we work  03 Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report Introduction Chairman’s statement Return to full statutory profit, doubling of operating margin to 10%,   Annually Recurring Revenue growing, and strong cash generation.   Tribal has maintained its market leadership with significant new customers  gained. Shareholder value is now being created in a sustainable manner. With the Group placed on a sound financial footing in 2016, and  with many of its operational challenges addressed, I am pleased  to report that the Group has now returned to full year statutory  profit for the first time since 2013. Annually Recurring Revenues, which now include cloud services,  grew over 5% to £37 .5m, overall profitability doubled to an  adjusted operating margin of 10%, compared with 5% in 2016,  and the Group ended the year with net cash up 59%, at £14.1m  (2016: £8.8m). Shareholder value is now being created in a  sustainable manner as the Group continues to drive efficiencies  in the business: a further £3m of annualised savings was realised  in 2017 , bringing the total annualised savings realised to £12.0m  since the initiation of the cost savings programme; this has driven  improved financial performance without impacting the Group’s  ability to serve its customers or drive its business forward.  For the year to 31 December 2017, Tribal Group achieved an  adjusted Operating Profit of £8.5m, up 82%, on a revenue  of £84.9m (2016: operating profit of £4.7m on a revenue of  £90.3m) and increased Adjusted Earnings per Share (diluted) to  3.2p (2016: 1.9p). The fall in revenue was adversely impacted by  a combination of the expiry of the Ofsted Early Years contract  in March 2017 and the disposal of Synergy in March 2016  – excluding these factors, the revenue increased by 6.5%,  particularly due to the strong performance in the remaining  Quality Assurance Solutions (QAS) business. 2017 confirmed that Tribal remains a leading international  provider of student information systems to universities,  colleges and schools in the UK, Australia and New Zealand  markets as well as elsewhere in the world. We serve a large  installed customer base, including many of the world's leading  universities and colleges. During the year, the Group secured significant new contract wins  in the Higher Education sector, including Sheffield University  and Glasgow Caledonian University in the UK, and our third win  in Malaysia, at the University of Malaya. We also finalised a  AUD$27 .5m (approx. £16.8m), four-year extension to the Callista  contract, which provides student information systems to   11 Australian universities for the on-going development of the  Callista product and seamless migration into the cloud ready   Tribal Edge platform.  Tribal Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 04 I am also pleased to note the strong performance in Further  Education and Work-based Learning where, in the UK, the growth  is being driven by significantly improved software sales to new  business customers, and in APAC, the Campus solution at the  British Council has been successfully rolled out to 34 countries. In our i-graduate business there was a change of leadership in the  first half of the year, and we successfully secured a number of new  contracts. However, the overall participation by universities in the  key International Student Barometer survey towards the end of  2017 was disappointing, as more universities than expected chose  to skip a year. We look forward to welcoming them back into the  survey in 2018. The Quality Assurance Solutions business also performed  well in 2017 and secured significant contract wins at the Abu  Dhabi Education Council, the Ministry of Education of Dubai &  Northern Emirates. In addition to