 p.6 2 Delivering long-term  growth responsibly Chairman’s statement Overview I am pleased to report that we delivered a solid operational and  financial performance in 2017. This was achieved against the  backdrop of an external environment characterised by regulatory  proposals and changes, tax challenges and intense competition.  We provide much-needed access to regulated credit for people  who might otherwise be financially excluded and, while we  continue to modernise the Group in response to the changing  needs of consumers, our values of being respectful, responsible  and straightforward guide the way we serve our customers and  govern our business. Led by the Board, we continued to take an  active approach to risk management. This, together with product  innovation and our regulatory stakeholder engagement programme,  supports the work we have undertaken to help protect our business  model. I was delighted to see our businesses receive numerous  prestigious awards over the course of the year in recognition of our  responsible lending practices, outstanding corporate culture and  offering a great place to work, all of which are indicative of the high  regard we are held in when serving customers, managing risk and  developing our people.  Our strategy We understand our consumer segment well and are evolving the  business to ensure our products and services suit customers'  changing needs and circumstances. By offering a broader choice   of more competitively priced products, including longer-term home  credit loans and digital credit offerings, we aim to offer better  customer value and improve credit quality. Our strategy is focused  on delivering sustainable growth, enhancing profitability and making  efficient use of capital. We now segment our businesses into two  broad categories, namely 'growth' focused businesses and 'returns'  focused businesses. Our European home credit businesses are in the  returns category and they are managed to deliver the best possible  level of customer service and to optimise returns. The capital they  generate is used to fund investment in our growth businesses, IPF  Digital and Mexico home credit, as well as delivering progressive  returns to our shareholders. We made more good progress against  our strategy in 2017 and it is particularly pleasing to see the strong  performance delivered by IPF Digital.  Regulatory update  Consumer credit operators serving customers in Europe continued   to face regulatory challenges during 2017, and our business was   no exception. Rate cap proposals, changes to tax law and more  stringent creditworthiness assessment requirements impacted how  we do business. As I reported in last year’s annual report, the Polish Ministry of Justice  published a proposal at the end of 2016 to tighten the existing rate  cap on consumer loans in Poland. There has been no further update  on this matter and we, together with other consumer lending  operators, continue to serve customers in this uncertain environment.  We are also working with interested parties to encourage an  “We are adapting our business to  capture the opportunity that growing  consumer credit demand offers and  responding to a more challenging  competitive and regulatory  environment.” Dan O’Connor Chairman Strategic Report International Personal Finance plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 3 outcome that is good for both consumers and business. As  previously reported, our home credit business in Poland appealed  decisions received in January 2017 from the Polish Tax Chamber   with respect to its 2008 and 2009 financial years. At the time of our  original announcement, we said that we intended to initiate a  process with the UK tax authority aimed at ensuring that the  intra-group arrangement, which is being challenged, is taxed in  accordance with international tax principles. This has now been  initiated and, in response, the Polish court has stayed the hearings   of the 2008 and 2009 appeals pending resolution of this process.  Additionally, a comprehensive set of changes to Polish corporate  income tax came into force on 1 January 2018. The main impact for  our business is a one-off deferred tax charge of £30 million which has  been reflected in the 2017 financial statements. Further detail on both  these matters is included in the financial review on pages 31 to 35. We also faced regulatory changes in Romania where more stringent  creditworthiness assessment requirements introduced in January  2017 impacted growth. More recent regulatory change means that  our business in Romania is now supervised by the National Bank of  Romania and this is likely to lead to a further tightening of credit  criteria and a reduction in the volume of loans we are allowed to  serve customers. We have a good track record of adapting our  business model to regulatory changes and CEO, Gerard Ryan  covers current regulatory matters on page 15.  2017 financial performance We delivered profit before taxation from continuing operations of  £105.6 million, an increase of £9.6 million including an £11.3 million  positive FX benefit. We delivered credit issued growth of 6% led by   IPF Digital and our Mexico home credit business. Group portfolio  quality remains good and I am pleased to report that our home  credit business in Mexico made a strong operational recovery  following the disruption caused by two earthquakes in September.  Further details on our 2017 financial performance are covered in   the operational review on pages 24 to 30. Shareholder returns Subject to shareholder approval, a final dividend of 7.8 pence per  share will be payable, bringing the full-year dividend to 12.4 pence  per share (2016: 12.4 pence per share). The full-year dividend of   12.4 pence per share represents a total payment equivalent to  approximately 61.3% of post-tax earnings from continuing operations