 04 32 30 18 20 44 50 69 Chairman's   Statement At a Glance Our Business   Viability   Statement Key Performance  Indicators Chief Executive’s   Review Finance   Review Principal Risks   and Uncertainties Divisional   Reviews Corporate   Responsibility 03 Financial Statements Directors’ Report Strategic Report 03 Our core sectors Our business is focused across five core sectors and four geographies, with  revenue in 2017 (including share of joint ventures and associates) of £3,310m Strategic Report Our purpose at Serco is to be a trusted partner of  governments, delivering superb public services that  transform outcomes and make a positive difference   for our fellow citizens. Our ambition is to be considered the best-managed  business in our sector. Since our success in delivering  is almost entirely dependent on people, we believe  that such an ambition is a worthy and value-creating  aspiration, and one that we can use to inspire our  management teams and customers. pg 09 For more information   on our business At a glance What we do, and how we do it Our purpose and ambition Serco delivers services to governments and other institutions  who serve the public or protect vital national interests. We deliver services through people, supported  by effective processes, technology and skilled  management. Our customers define what outcomes  or services they need to deliver, and we develop  new and more effective ways to deliver them. We  deliver innovative solutions to some of the most  complex challenges facing governments, bringing our  experience, capability and scale to deliver the service  standards, cost efficiencies and policy outcomes  governments want. In this way we make a positive  difference to the lives of millions of people around   the world, and help keep nations safe. £973m 29% £559m 17% £559m 17% £348m 11% £871m 26% Base and  operational  support Engineering,  management  and information  services Maritime services Custodial  services Immigration  detention  services Detainee  transport and  monitoring Rail and ferries Road traffic  management Air traffic control Contact centres  and case  management Middle and back  office services;   IT services Employment and  skills services Non-clinical  support services Patient  administration  and contact Key Services Defence Transport Justice &  Immigration Health Citizen Services Serco Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 04 Our values are lived every day, used to help us work through any challenges  we may face and help us recognise and celebrate our achievements. They  guide us in our dealings with colleagues, customers, suppliers, partners,  shareholders and the communities we serve. Trust Innovation Care Pride pg 15 For more information  on our values pg 14 For more information   on our performance framework pg 16 For more information  on our deliverables The method we use to deliver our aspiration – to be the best-managed business in our sector – and to deliver our   strategy is to concentrate on doing four things really well. These are the things we want Serco to be famous for: Being profitable   and sustainable Winning good  business Executing  brilliantly Being a place  people are   proud to work We try to make sure that everything we do improves our performance against one or more of these objectives,  and start from a position where we know we can do much better. We can improve the way we bid and manage  contracts; develop innovative propositions; measure performance; reduce the cost and improve the quality of our  administrative systems and processes. None of these comes easily or quickly, and we need to steer a tricky course  between the urgent need to reduce our costs in line with reduced revenues in the short term and investing in  systems and processes that will produce sustainable benefits in the long term.  Our geographical footprint Our method Our values Americas  £688m 21% UK & Europe  £1,685m 51% Middle East  £352m 10% Asia Pacific  £585m 18% Our deliverables We consider the tangible evidence of our success or otherwise can be measured in the three key planned outcomes  of our strategy: Employee engagement   >60% and increasing Trading margin   ~5–6% Revenue growth   ~5–7% Revenue in 2017 (including share of joint ventures and associates). Financial Statements Directors’ Report Strategic Report 05 Strategic Report I am delighted that we have delivered a  trading result in line with expectations in  2017 , as well as over £3bn of order intake  and a further improvement in employee  engagement. We have also added further  skills and diversity to the Board, with strong  governance being a key focus of the business  at all levels. Whilst trading conditions are  currently difficult in several of our markets,  we have over the last three financial years  delivered on the plan set out in 2015; having  already stabilised the business, we have  been improving our operating efficiency  through our transformation programme.  Importantly, as we now look ahead, we  expect profits to start to grow over the   next two years. Serco’s mission is to be a trusted partner of  governments, providing superb public services that  transform outcomes and make a positive difference for  our fellow citizens, whilst delivering attractive returns  to our shareholders and rewarding careers to our  employees. Our aspiration is to be the best-managed  company in our sector, and our method to achieve this  is through concentrating on doing four things really  well: winning good business; executing brilliantly;  being a place people are proud to work; and being  profitable and sustainable. 2017 has produced tangible 