 Strategic report Chairman’s statement This is my second statement since joining the Group and I am  pleased to report a strong performance in 2017. We have remained  committed to our values and focused on delivering our strategy, while  creating long-term benefit for all our stakeholders. I have now completed my first full  financial year at the Group. During the  year I and the non-executive directors  met with the divisional managing  directors and their teams, and visited  a number of their projects. This provided  us with valuable knowledge of operations  and assisted in our reviews of the  divisions’ strategic plans. Performance The Group achieved growth in 2017 and  ended the year with a robust balance  sheet which gives us flexibility to invest  in the business. Revenue for the year  was up 9% at £2,793m (2016: £2,562m),  with adjusted profit before tax up 46%  to £66.1m (2016: £45.3m). The cash performance of the Group  has also remained strong, due to a  disciplined monitoring of average  daily cash levels together with our  tight management of working capital. Values and strategy  Our core values and our Total  Commitments to being a responsible  business (set out on pages 15 and 17)  are at the heart of our culture, supporting  our strategic objectives and underpinning  our performance. Every new employee  is inducted in our core values, and  encouraged to adopt them as part  of their approach to work and their  relations with colleagues and  external stakeholders. Daily average cash £118m (2016: £25m) 02 ———  MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 Strategic report Our Total Commitments focus primarily  on our stakeholders, and the importance  of engaging with them is driven by the  Board. Our directors communicate  regularly with institutional investors and  analysts, and deliver presentations at  each results announcement (see page  71). Our divisions develop stakeholder  engagement programmes tailored to  their individual businesses. More detail  of these initiatives can be found in our  operating review on pages 26 to 27,  together with the results of a survey  recently undertaken with our  stakeholders on social and  environmental issues. We have stayed focused on our strategy  of specialising in construction and  regeneration, which is supported by the  UK’s need for new housing, improved  infrastructure and urban regeneration.  Operating in both the public and  commercial sectors, we continue to  target markets where demand is stable  or growing and our divisions have the  experience and the ability to deliver  what is needed. Board changes I would like to welcome Tracey Killen  to the Board, who joined us in May  as a non-executive director. Tracey is  director of personnel at the John Lewis  Partnership and brings expertise in  strategy development, business planning  and corporate governance. I believe  Tracey’s significant commercial and HR  experience will contribute valuable new  skills, knowledge and insight to Board  discussions. Tracey will become chair  of the remuneration committee in 2018. Simon Gulliford has decided not to  stand for re-election at the 2018 annual  general meeting, and will therefore be  leaving the Board with effect from the  conclusion of the meeting. I would like to  thank Simon for his valued contribution  to the Board and its committees during  his time as a director. Dividend The total dividend for the year has been  increased by 29% to 45.0p per share  (2016: 35.0p), which includes a proposed  increase in the final dividend of 32% to  29.0p per share (2016: 22.0p), reflecting  the improved result in the year and the  Board’s confidence in the future  prospects of the Group. Looking ahead Our 2017 results demonstrate our  continued progress in executing our  strategy and can be credited to the  hard work of our 6,400 employees,  who I would like to thank on behalf of the  Board. To sustain these achievements,  the Board will ensure that our divisions  engage in continuous succession  planning, training and development,  as well as initiatives to increase our  diversity and inclusiveness, so that  we have the best people in place to  deliver our strategy and growth over  the long term. Michael Findlay Chairman 22 February 2018 “W e have stayed focused  on our strategy of specialising  in construction and regeneration.” Governance principles  Leadership See pages 67 to 69 Board members rigorously challenge  each other on strategy, performance,  responsibility and accountability to  ensure that we make high-quality  decisions. Culture and values We are dedicated to running  a responsible and sustainable  business. See our 2017 responsible  business report for more information.  Effectiveness See pages 69 to 71 and 73 to 74 The Board’s performance was scrutinised  in our annual evaluation and the actions  arising from the results are set out in our  governance report on page 71. Succession  planning and the composition of the Board  and its committees have also remained  a key focus.   Accountability See pages 77 to 82 All our decisions are discussed in the  context of the risks involved. Effective  risk management is central to achieving  our strategic objectives.  Relations with shareholders  See page 71 Maintaining strong relationships with  our shareholders, both private and  institutional, is crucial to achieving  our aims. We hold various events  throughout the year to keep an  open dialogue with investors.   Remuneration See pages 83 to 96 The Board ensures that there is  a clear link between remuneration  and delivery of the Group’s