 1 Pro forma defined on pages 28 and 29. Our brands We operate a portfolio of highly respected brands, each with a separate and distinct client offering. Tullett Prebon is a leading  interdealer broker and  operates as an intermediary  in wholesale financial markets. Tullett Prebon Information is a  leading provider of independent  real-time price information  from the global OTC financial  and commodity markets. ICAP is a leading interdealer  broker and operates as an  intermediary in wholesale  financial markets. ICAP Information is a leading  provider of independent   real-time price information  from the global OTC financial  and commodity markets. PVM is a leading energy and  commodities broker and  operates as an intermediary  in wholesale energy and  commodity markets. PVM Data Services is a leading  provider of key market data  from the global energy and  commodities markets. Mirexa Capital is a leading  agency execution broker that  exists to service institutional  investors such as hedge funds,  asset managers and insurers. COEX is an agency execution  broker within the listed  derivatives and OTC markets  serving institutional investors.  Cautionary Statement This Annual Report has been prepared for, and only for, the members of the Company, as a body, and no other  persons. The Company, its Directors, employees, agents or advisers do not accept or assume responsibility to any  other person to whom this document is shown or into whose hands it may come and such responsibility is expressly  disclaimed. By their nature, the statements concerning the risks and uncertainties facing the Group in this Annual  Report involve uncertainty since future events and circumstances can cause results and developments to differ  materially from those anticipated. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available  at the date of preparation of this Annual Report and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these  forward-looking statements. Nothing in this Annual Report should be construed as a profit forecast. Highlights 1 Strategic and   operational highlights Strategic and operational highlights   > A resilient performance  in a low volatility environment.  > Successful delivery of regulatory  requirements under MiFID II.  > Average revenue and contribution per  broker increased in all regions. Integration highlights  > £27m synergy savings² delivered in the  year, ahead of schedule (original 2017  target £10m).  > £52m of annualised run rate synergy  savings² achieved.  > Costs to achieve synergies of £79m  (original 2017 target £40m).  > Headcount reduction of 295 in the period.  > Focus on non-compensation expenses.  > Property and infrastructure  rationalisation under way.  > We reiterate our £100m synergy saving  target by 2020. Dividend  > Final dividend proposed of 11.25 pence  due to be paid 17 May 2018.  > Total dividends in respect of 2017:   16.85 pence (2016: 16.85 pence). To read more see our  CEO’s Review p12-16 1 These highlights have been presented on a statutory,  underlying and pro forma basis see pages 28 and 29. 10 Seeking to improve the business’s  brand awareness and coverage. Key to our strategy 1   Hire brokers 3 Broader client base 5 Investing in technology 7 Acquisitions 9 HR 2 Energy & Commodities 4 Data & Analytics 6 Client relationship management 8 Investment framework 10 Brand TP ICAP Annual Report and Accounts 2017 6 Strategic report What we did During 2017, we took actions to develop our business as a leader in wholesale   OTC markets in broking and information services through: New products:  > adding hybrid volume matching capability in UK gilts;   > enhancing electronic capabilities in US high yield bonds;  > increased electronic capabilities in US Corporate bonds;  > adding new pricing data sets in LNG (liquid natural gas), including JKM (Japan, Korea  Marker), PVB (Spain) and DKI ( Dubai Kuwait, India);  > introduce a Foreign Exchange Currency Option (‘FXO’) Request for Quote (‘RFQ’) solution  which captures hybrid and pure electronic liquidity and provides real time option pricing,  analytics and dynamic historic data; and   > expanding the African products we transact in to include non-deliverable forwards  (‘NDFs’) and sovereign bonds, and Foreign Exchange Currency (‘FX’) for Mauritius,   Zambia and Botswana. New trading types:  > preparing for the launch of 11 venues, six OTFs and five MTFs, to be ready for the go-live   date for MiFID II;  > acquiring a specialist listed futures and options broker, COEX, adding more than  50 brokers in London, Paris and New York, that serves a diverse client base; and  > redesigning our client onboarding process for our Institutional Services division by  providing a single point of contact from inception to conclusion and then subsequent  client relationship management. New initiatives:   > launching ‘Big Push’ days in our post trade risk mitigation service, TP Match, resulting  in record nominal value of transactions processed in individual runs and significantly  enhanced overall volumes; and  > building our brand awareness through the sponsorship of the cycling event, L ’Etape.  What we are going to do In the coming year, we will continue to  develop and enhance our venues, add to  our brokerage footprint, expand and  improve the tools that we provide our  brokers, and enhance our corporate  services and clients through:  > integrating the corporate services to  build a lean, scalable and efficient  operating model;  > reviewing our broking capability footprint  in TP ICAP and hiring selectively to add  to our roster of products and expertise;  > proactively engaging with our clients  to understand clearly their needs and  to collaborate in technology-based  strategies for their needs;