 06 Stock Spirits Group PLC  Annual Report & Accounts 2017  share (2016: 19.62 €cents per share, which also  included a special dividend of 11.90 €cents per  share). The adjusted free cashflow conversion of  the Company continues to be a strength and at  86.3% (2016: 94.1%) remains robust. The dividend  policy has been revisited and the Board is moving  from the 35% of net free cashflow (free cashflow  after investments) approach outlined at IPO, in  favour of progressive dividends where cashflow  permits. We also reiterate our commitment  to return surplus cash to shareholders should  no meaningful capital investment or M&A  opportunities arise.  People At the time of our interim results, we announced  that Lesley Jackson, our Chief Financial Officer  (CFO), would be retiring and would be replaced  by Paul Bal. I would like to personally thank Lesley  for her hard work and dedication to Stock Spirits;  she took the Company through the IPO and has  worked tirelessly over the years. Paul took office in  November 2017 and has made a great start in the  Company and I look forward to working with him  more in the future. Randy Pankevicz, Non-Executive Director, notified  the Board of his resignation as a Director of the  Company to enable him to focus on his personal  investments. He does not intend to seek re- election at the forthcoming AGM. The Board would like to thank Mr Pankevicz for  his contribution to the Company over the last two  years and wish him well for the future. Governance The retirement of Lesley and the appointment of  Paul as CFO was the only Board change in the year. Following the more extensive changes to the Board  in 2016, the new members have been fully engaged  not only in the strategic review process but have  also made significant and valuable contributions in  all Board matters. I am pleased with the results.   All Board Committee compositions are fully  compliant with the Corporate Governance Code.  See page 55 of this report for further details.  The Board and its various Committees have met  regularly throughout the year and an internal  Board evaluation exercise was undertaken during  the year (see page 58).  Looking ahead As I have mentioned previously, the implications of  Brexit on the Group are not considered material at  this stage, but we will continue to monitor progress  on the negotiations currently taking place.  With a stable Board, senior management team  and award-winning brands, I am looking forward  to delivering on our refreshed strategy to ensure  growth and increased shareholder returns. David Maloney Chairman 7 March 2018 “We return to looking at larger, more strategic opportunities to deliver growth  and shareholder value for the future.” 07 Strategic Review Governance Financial Statements We have many key strengths  which we leverage to deliver   our plans Why invest in Stock Spirits? WE PREMIUMISE Our range commands  higher margins Consumers’ increasing disposable  income prompts growing demand for  perceived higher quality, differentiated  spirits. We develop our brands  and range continuously in selected  categories to provide consumers with  compelling reasons to pay more and   to build equity that can withstand   price competition.  WE SELL Our distribution  platforms Our markets combine off-trade  distribution platforms with critical mass  and quality of commercial execution  in the on-trade. We pride ourselves in  our management of customer and key  account relationships. WE MARKET Management of third  party brands Our distribution, sales and marketing  capabilities combined with excellent  legal and ethical compliance provides  a strong platform for third party brand  distributors. We have recently renewed  our contract with Diageo in the Czech  market and continue to strengthen  the Beam portfolio in Poland and  other markets.  Volumes (million 9 litre cases) 13.1m (2016: 12.3m) Jim Beam % volume market share  of whisky in Poland 9.5%  (2016: 7.3%) Revenue from premium brands  €56.6m (2016: €47.2m) Stock Spirits Group PLC  Annual Report & Accounts 2017  26 Stock Spirits Group PLC  Annual Report & Accounts 2017  Group financial performance Evidence of stabilisation and turnaround is in  the results: growth in volume, share, revenues,  profitability and cashflow. The balance sheet  strengthened further, as net debt was reduced,   and financing facilities were extended. Turnaround in Poland Our first focus was embedding the changes  initiated in 2016, chiefly under the “Root &  Branch review”. This included strengthening  and optimising our entire business to better  compete in an intensely competitive market.  To keep competitive, we had to further engage  in the pricing re-alignment that the market has  experienced since 2014, as our primary competitor  continued an aggressive pricing strategy. Working  with customers, we adjusted pricing architecture  on selected products to stay competitive in on- shelf pricing. This, along with better execution in  the trade, is the major driver of 2017’s results.  We continued to grow share in volume and value  since December 2016, while monitoring the  clearly divergent strategies, not to mention mixed  fortunes, of our two main competitors. Whilst these results are encouraging, we remain  vigilant and the market, though stable, has yet to   see upward pricing, as the market leader remains  highly competitive.  The economy supported growth, with rising average  incomes. Though the Government will restrict  Sunday trading in 2018, we expect limited impact.  The vodka market continues to grow, and it  remains, by far, the largest spirits category. Clear  vodka is the main variant. Despite the aggressive  pricing