 and space-based sensors to medical devices and molecular compounds. 2 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017     CHAIRMAN’S REPORT     I am pleased to present this Annual Report to shareholders for the financial year ended 31 December 2017,  which was a critical period in Allied Minds’ development. In March 2017 the Board appointed Jill Smith as President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Jill’s extensive  leadership experience, including most recently as CEO of DigitalGlobe where she led the business to growth  and a successful IPO, is well-aligned with our overarching priorities at Allied Minds: to deliver shareholder returns  by driving commercialisation and monetisations at our key subsidiaries, and building a growth engine of new  investments. The substantial and decisive actions undertaken since her appointment position the Group well to  deliver against these priorities. In the first half of the year, the decision was made to rationalise the portfolio of subsidiary companies. This was  completed after careful review of the capital requirements, competitive position and market opportunities facing  each company. Since then, capital and management resources have been redirected to the most promising  subsidiary businesses in the portfolio. Greater discipline is being exerted in the management and support of  the portfolio, through more effective boards and greater accountability and transparency. The result is that our  subsidiary businesses are operating with substantially greater focus, energy and urgency and are well-positioned  to achieve the goals set. After a year of focusing primarily on driving value from the existing portfolio, in 2018 we look forward to returning  to opportunities to build and support new businesses. The same discipline brought to company operations is  being applied to our new investment strategy. It is designed to seek out technology and innovations aligned to  investment theses that are grounded in Allied Minds’ depth of experience and access, in particular with medical  institutions and federal laboratories, and working in regulated industries and with the US Government. Together with the Board, I am satisfied that as a result of actions undertaken in 2017 to rationalise the portfolio,  improve capital allocation and operational discipline and bring renewed focus on commercialisation and  monetisation, Allied Minds is in a stronger position today than it has ever been. Non-Executive Director Rick Davis will retire and not seek re-election at the AGM to be held in May 2018  after completing over seven years of service to the Company. We have greatly appreciated his dedication,  experience, wealth of knowledge and insights he brought to Board deliberations over his years of service on the  Board. Finally, I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued support and our management team and staff for  their hard work and commitment. Peter Dolan  Chairman 22 March 2018 22 March 2018 5 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Strategic Report     HIGHLIGHTS    HIGHLIGHTS INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS During 2017, an aggregate of $81.1 million was invested into new and existing subsidiary businesses, including: • $64.5 million from subsidiary fundraisings with $35.1 million coming from third-party investment and  $29.4 million from Allied Minds, to support and accelerate the development of four of the Group’s existing  companies: Federated Wireless; BridgeSat; HawkEye 360  and Signature Medical.  o On 7 February 2017, HawkEye 360  completed the second closing of its $13.8 million Series A preferred  funding round of $1.3 million, adding additional investors to a syndicate including Razor’s Edge Ventures  and a defence market leader.  o On 5 May 2017, BridgeSat closed a $6.0 million Series A preferred funding round, including  participation from Space Angels, a prominent angel investor network of experts focused on Space 2.0.  o On 26 July 2017, Signature Medical completed a $2.5 million Series A preferred funding round,  including participation from Riot Ventures and Bose Corporation.  o On 14 September 2017, Federated Wireless announced the closing of a $42.0 million Series B  preferred funding. The round was led by new investors who are key members of the shared spectrum  ecosystem: Charter Communications (NASDAQ: CHTR); American Tower (NYSE: AMT); and ARRIS  International plc (NASDAQ: ARRS), and by GIC, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund. The balance of the  raise was subscribed principally by Allied Minds and Woodford Investment Management (WIM).  o On 5 October 2017, Spin Transfer Technologies, Inc. announced that it had secured $22.8 million of  funding via a convertible bridge facility. Proceeds from the bridge are to be applied to fund development  work of next-generation ST-MRAM. The convertible bridge was underwritten by Allied Minds with initial  subscription of $12.7 million. The note was designed to bridge the company to the completion of a Series  B round, targeting strategic investors. Post-period end on 11 January 2018, the company announced  that existing shareholders Invesco Asset Management and Woodford Investment Management would  subscribe for a combined $10.3 million of the bridge facility. • In addition to these fundraisings, $16.6 million was invested by the Group into new and other existing  subsidiary businesses. CORPORATE HIGHLIGHTS • On 13 March 2017, the Company appointed Jill Smith, formerly a Non-Executive Director, as interim CEO.  Jill’s appointment as President and CEO was confirmed on 30 May 2017. • On 29 June 2017, Allied Minds announced the appointment of Simon Davidson as Executive Vice President,  Technology Investments. • On 19 September 2017, Allied Minds announced the appointment of Harry Rein as an Independent Non- Executive Director. 6 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017     HIGHLIGHTS (CONTINUED)   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS • Net cash and investments* of $169.1 million (2016: $226.1 million) of which $84.2 million (2016:  $136.7 million) is held at the parent level. * includes funds in form of fixed income securities. • Revenues of $5.0 million (2016: $2.7 million) mainly from non-recurring engineering (NRE) and service