 Financial Statements 33 View more on our website   www.valirx.com ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 01 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Looking towards the future  • I am pleased to report that our research,  understanding and ambition to find more  effective solutions to the treatment of  cancer have moved on substantially in 2017.  • The progress of our core clinical products,  VAL201 and VAL401 has been substantial  and both have reached significant value  inflection points. The current momentum  and exciting trajectory of both compounds  offer potential investors an investable  proposition and an attractive offering   to joint venture partners. • A particularly noteworthy achievement by  the Company in the reporting period was  the successful completion of the VAL401  Phase ll clinical study in patients with late  stage non-small cell lung cancer, the most  common form of lung cancer. • During the period, we saw consistent  progress made with our VAL201 therapeutic,  culminating in receiving approval from  the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products  Regulatory Agency and the Research Ethics  Committee to substantially expand and  accelerate the trial for locally advanced  or metastatic prostate cancer. This gives  the trial increased flexibility and speed for  reaching therapeutic levels and to reduce  disease progression. • The integration of our clinical in-house  team with a board of oncologists and  clinical nurse specialists has been providing  valuable insight into how we can more  rapidly bring safe, efficacious, therapeutic  and palliative medicines to cancer patients  to meet hitherto unmet needs in rapidly  growing markets. • The Company has also progressed the pre- clinical pipeline. The programmes currently  consist of VAL301, which is derived from the  formulation of VAL201 and the compound  VAL101, which is derived from our GeneICE  technology platform. The Company is very  much looking forward to taking the next  generation of therapeutics into further  development and through to the clinic. • VAL401 and VAL201 have received several  major patent grants and the IP portfolio  now covers all major areas worldwide. ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT In my report for the year ended  31 December 2016, I informed  our shareholders that we were  making important strides in  growing our internal R&D  capabilities, such that we remain  at the forefront of personalised  and precision medicine.  I am pleased to report that our research,  understanding and ambition to find more  effective solutions to the treatment of cancer  have moved on further since then. The  integration of our in-house team with an  advisory board of oncologists and clinical   nurse specialists has been providing valuable  insight into how we can more rapidly bring   safe, efficacious, therapeutic and palliative  medicines to cancer patients to meet hitherto  unmet needs. In 2017, we saw consistent progress made  with our first therapeutic. VAL201 continued  to demonstrate high safety and tolerability,  as well as preliminary therapeutic activity  throughout the clinical study, culminating in  receiving approval from the UK Medicines and  Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency and  the Research Ethics Committee to substantially  raise the dosing level in patients with locally  advanced or metastatic prostate cancer in  order to reach therapeutic levels and reduce  disease progression. This is a testament to the  appetite for new drugs devoid of the serious side  effects reported with current prostate cancer  treatments, in particular complete and general  androgen hormone deprivation. We look forward  to reporting on the clinical trial as it progresses  throughout this current year. In parallel, we continued to advance the  reformulation of VAL201 into VAL301 for the  treatment of Endometriosis, a painful and  debilitating gynaecological condition with high  unmet clinical needs. We have established from  our pre-clinical studies that VAL201’s specific  mode of action also has the potential to provide  a potent therapeutic effect to manage the  symptoms of this disorder more safely than  current treatments, which are widely known to  cause a large number of side effects including  loss of bone density and/or infertility. Going  forward, the Company’s focus is to complete  laboratory tests before progressing VAL301   to clinical trials. A particularly noteworthy achievement by  the Company in the reporting period was the  successful completion of the VAL401 Phase ll  clinical study in patients with late stage non- small cell lung cancer, the most common form  of lung cancer. The data analysed by Ariana,  a leading digital health Company, focused on  developing advanced therapeutic decision  Strategic Report ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 03 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements In conclusion, I believe the Group has seen  substantive and encouraging developments  across its portfolio during the period to  December 2017. The progress of our core  clinical products, VAL201 and VAL401 has been  substantial and both have reached significant  value inflection points. The current momentum  and exciting trajectory of both compounds offer  potential investors an investable proposition and  an attractive offering to joint venture partners.  I would like to take this opportunity to express  my sincere gratitude to all shareholders, fellow  Directors, and every member of the Group for  the trust and support accorded to the Board   in positioning ValiRx among the frontrunners in  the fields of personalised and precision medicine.  Oliver de Giorgio-Miller Chairman 5 April 2018 support systems, has advocated the therapeutic  potential for VAL401 as a single therapy in  treating this cancer. Ariana has also advocated  the compound’s therapeutic and palliative  potential