 4D pharma at a Glance Leaders in an  emerging field We are well positioned to turn world-class microbiome science into safer new  therapies for patients. 4D has grown from pioneering microbiome research to the  only integrated, world-leading Live Biotherapeutics company. Watch our new video: 4dpharmaplc.com Highly attractive safety profile Toxicity and unwanted side effects are a  constant challenge in drug development.  Safety concerns account for more than  50% of drug programme terminations  and can also lead to sub-optimal treatment  regimens, a concern for both patients  and clinicians. Our Live Biotherapeutics are originally  isolated from healthy human donors and  consequently have excellent safety profiles.  This allows us to safely expedite our  products into the clinic, getting them to  the patients that need them more rapidly. 4D pharma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 STRATEGIC REPORT An integrated biopharma company MicroRx – our proprietary discovery platform Our discovery platform, MicroRx, allows us to rapidly  identify strains of gut bacteria which may have a  therapeutic effect in specific diseases. Using MicroRx,  we interrogate our proprietary library of more than 6,000  bacterial strains for pathway-specific effects on the  host immune system. Importantly, we understand  mechanism. We elucidate the mechanisms by which  our Live Biotherapeutics exert their effects with exquisite  detail, including the identification of bacterial effector  molecules and their cognate human receptors.  Unlike traditional drug discovery, which involves multiple  rounds of hit and lead optimisation to identify a clinical  candidate – a process which can take a number of  years – we can progress from concept to clinic-ready  product in as little as 24 months, helping us get our  therapies to patients who need them more rapidly. In-house development and manufacturing We have a 1,500m2 GMP-certified development and  manufacturing facility with the capacity to produce up  to 100 million capsules of product per year. Our team  has decades of expertise in anaerobic fermentation,  and the know-how to scale and produce our Live  Biotherapeutics ready for clinical testing and beyond. Clinical operations Our expanded clinical operations team is in place to  manage our multiple clinical studies as we advance  through the clinic. By the end of 2018, we plan to have  four clinical programmes underway in parallel and with  programmes in areas such as multiple sclerosis and  rheumatoid arthritis in the final stages of development.  Functional screen Microbiology  Immunology  Gut physiology Mechanism of action Microbiology  Immunology  Gut physiology Development RCB  Scale-up  Lyophilisation  Stability  Safety  Potency Source Gut microbiota from healthy humans Isolation Individual bacterial strains on selective media Identification of bacteria using genome sequencing Mechanisms Pre-clinical models Efficacy Pre-clinical models Gastro-intestinal Blautix Irritable Bowel Syndrome Rosburix Ulcerative colitis Thetanix Crohn’s Disease CNS Neurodegeneration Autism Others Respiratory MRx0004 Asthma MRx0001 Allergic asthma  Immuno-oncology MRx518 Solid tumours Autoimmune MRx0006 Rheumatoid arthritis MRx0002 Multiple sclerosis Others Discovery Pre-clinical Development Phase I Phase II Phase III Development pipeline 03 4D pharma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4dpharmaplc.com S Chairman’s Statement With its upcoming programme of  trials, 4D is well placed to deliver  meaningful clinical data to support  the use of Live Biotherapeutics  across multiple indications increasing intellectual property estate helps  secure our leading position in the field. As we move forward, our key goal is to  deliver meaningful clinical data to support  the use of Live Biotherapeutics across  multiple indications. I believe that through  our upcoming programme of clinical trials,  we are well positioned to achieve this. Governance and Board The Board is committed to maintaining  high standards of governance, both at  Board level and operationally throughout  the business. The Company’s Corporate  Governance Statement can be found on  pages 15 to 17. Our people We could not have achieved what we have  without the continued support of our staff  throughout our sites in Europe, and also  those involved in our wider collaborations.  I would like to thank them all for their  contribution to the progress we have  made in 2017. David Norwood Non-Executive Chairman 20 April 2018 Strategic objectives Since the Group’ s initial public offering, 4D  has grown rapidly to become a world leader  in the development of Live Biotherapeutics,  an “end-to-end” microbiome company, from  research to development and manufacture. Our research teams continue to further the  understanding, both of our programmes and  their mechanisms, and of the microbiome  generally. The past twelve months have seen  the validation of MicroDx, our diagnostic  platform enabling the stratification of IBS  patients. Our GMP-certified facility in León,  Spain, has enabled the development scale-up  for our candidate strains and has increased  clinical/production capacity to up to 100  million capsules per annum. Meanwhile our  12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Consistent progress to  lead a burgeoning field 10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000 0 100 80 60 40 20 0 2014 4D pharma   is founded  and MicroRx  platform  developed 2016 Second clinical  trial in paediatric  Crohn’ s Disease 2017 GMP certification  for manufacturing  facility and 200+   patents granted 2018 Target four programmes  in the clinic and two  immuno-oncology  clinical studies in  UK and US 2015 First clinical   trial in IBS   and MRx0518   discovered Publications Companies  Companies Publications Year 4D pharma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 04 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executive Officer’s Report In 2017, 4D has made significant  progress towards its goal of  delivering Live Biotherapeutics  as safe and effective therapies 4D’s approach If we step back and look at what 4D is  trying to do