 At a glance Spire Healthcare provides diagnostics, in-patient, daycase  and out-patient care throughout the UK. We also own  and operate the sports medicine, physiotherapy and  rehabilitation brand, Perform.   What we provide Providing high-quality patient care is  our top priority. To improve our patient  offering, we invest consistently in a  wide range of services and treatments  at each stage of the care pathway: from  initial GP referral, through consultation,  diagnosis and treatment, to recovery  and rehabilitation. A growing market Growing and ageing population  Driven by a growing and ageing  population – with a higher incidence  of long-term and chronic conditions,  such as cancer, obesity and diabetes. NHS funding gap Funding and capacity constraints are  forecast to continue throughout this  Parliament and beyond. The independent  sector can help to bridge the gap.   Our services Consultants Improving the quality of our facilities  and providing a wide range of services  and highly-trained staff, so that our  experienced consultant body can deliver  outstanding healthcare.  Working with consultants throughout  their careers to develop their skills and  their private practices. Diagnostics Investing in the latest scanning  technology, skilled clinicians and  comprehensive pathology services to  provide prompt and accurate diagnoses,  giving patients the reassurance that  comes from a clear treatment plan. Treatment and surgery Offering a wide range of treatment and  surgery, including good outcomes for  routine procedures such as knee and hip  replacements, and specialist procedures  across our network, providing choice  to patients. Recovery  From high dependency and intensive care  units to our injury rehabilitation facilities,  getting patients back on their feet as fast  as possible.  Primary care Working with GPs to facilitate speedy,  convenient and fully informed referrals.  Enabling patients to make a considered  choice at the start of the care pathway.  We are investing in our own hospital- based primary care service to offer  patients convenience and to facilitate  speedier referrals. Read more  Page 4 and 5 A well   diversified business 26.5 22.8 50.7 2017 Percentage of revenue* * In-patient and daycase revenue.  Source: Company information. Orthopaedics Gynaecology,  plastic surgery,  urology and  others High acuity  services,  including  cardiology,  cardiothoracic,  neurosurgery,  oncology  and general  surgery 14.1 70.7 15.2 2017 Key activities (%)* Diagnostic Out-patient  services In-patient  and daycase  procedures * Excludes other revenue. Further details    can be found on page 34.   Source: Company information.     3  Spire Healthcare Group plc Annual Report 2017 Governance Strategic Report Financial statements Other information   Who we serve Our hospitals span the country, serving   a diversified patient mix, made up of: •  Private medical insurance (‘PMI’) •  S e l f- p a y • NHS patients Read more  Page 4 and 5 Service coverage  where it’s needed Our network of hospitals covers major  population centres across the country. Map key Spire Healthcare Hospitals Spire Healthcare Clinics Spire Healthcare Diagnostic Centre Specialist Cancer Care Centre People per sq km 0–250 250–500 500–1,000 1,000–1,500 1,500–2,500 39 hospitals 11 clinics 1 specialist cancer care centre 1 diagnostic centre 775,000 patients 3,900  consultants 8,380 full-time equivalent staff Spire Bristol Good to   Outstanding Read more Page 16 Spire Portsmouth Operational excellence   in everything we do Read more Page 30 Spire Leicester Spire Healthcare aims to be   the ‘best place to practice’ Read more Page 24 Spire Little Aston First choice for   self-paying patients Read more Page 42 4  Spire Healthcare Group plc Annual Report 2017 Spire Healthcare serves a market  subject to major long-term trends.  The UK’s population is growing.  People are living longer, often with  multiple co-morbidities. The NHS   is the UK’s most valued institution,  but it is struggling under the  longest budget squeeze in its  history. Private provision can play   a key role in helping to meet the  UK’s increasing healthcare needs.  UK health spend (2015)    £185bn Source: Office for National Statistics.   UK private acute medical   care market (2015) £5.6bn  Source: LaingBuisson Private Acute Medical  Care UK – Market Report 4th Edition. UK private acute medical care  market forecast growth   (to end 2019) 5.0%  Source: LaingBuisson Private Acute Medical  Care UK – Market Report 4th Edition. Spire opportunity Spire Healthcare has traditionally  provided outstanding care and outcomes  for orthopaedic patients, particularly  those receiving hip and knee replacements  later in life. Additionally, Spire Healthcare  has invested heavily over recent years  in higher acuity services, including  cancer and cardiac, ideally positioning  the Company to care for the growing  number of mature patients with  multiple and challenging co-morbidities. Market context Trend In 2016 the population of the UK was  66m its largest ever. It is projected to reach over 74m by 2039 And it is ageing. Those over 65 are forecast  to grow from 18% of the population (2016) to nearly 25% by 2046  As people live longer they tend to   be subject to longer term multiple  co-morbidities – 58% of people over 60 compared to  14% under 40 Aged 65 and over of the UK population (%) Chairman’s statement In a year of considerable change and challenge,  I am proud to report that Spire Healthcare’s  8,380 staff, and the leading consultants we   work with, provided over 775,000 private   and NHS patients with outstanding clinical  care and outcomes. Exceptional patient care  is our business.” Performance The Company’s performance