 49 Company information    Symphony is a world leader in controlled-life  plastic, and supplies masterbatches and finished  plastic products. Our d 2 w oxo-biodegradable  (OBP) controlled-life masterbatch was the first  technology of this type to be awarded an   Eco-Label, distinguishing it from all similar  products on the market.  Plastic waste is a global problem which is now  dominating the media and concentrating the  minds of legislators, companies, NGOs and  scientists around the world. Plastic is vital for  our food chain because foods are safer and  stay fresher when protected in plastic, and this  reduces food waste. This is really significant, as  one third of the food produced each year   is wasted.    Opponents of plastic have yet to find a viable  alternative which goes anywhere near performing  as well as plastic for most applications, and have  themselves raised concerns about food safety  and food waste.     d 2 w is fully consistent with the principles of  “Reduce”, “Re-use” and “Recycle”. It is also the  best technology available for our customers,   for consumers and for the protection of   the environment.   Symphony has also developed a range of plastic  technologies under the d 2 p (designed to protect)  brand, offering extra protection from bacteria,  insects, fungi, algae, odour, fouling, and fire. In  addition to these, we have recently developed  a corrosion inhibitor and a range of products  specifically designed for food packaging. These  include an oxygen absorber, ethylene adsorber,  odour-adsorber and a release-agent to prevent  food sticking to the inside of packaging.     Finally, our d 2 t tag and trace technologies  give our customers the ability to check the  authenticity of products of all kinds, helping   to protect brand owners from counterfeits   and fraud.   Our products are marketed through a network   of distributors in nearly 100 countries worldwide. Symphony develops  and produces a wide  range of technologies,  to make plastic smarter.  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS:   Revenues increased by 21.6% to £8.27 million (2016: £6.80 million)    Gross profit increased by 17.8% to £4.01 million (2016: £3.41 million)   EBITDA before R&D increased by 57.9% to £1.20 million (2016: £0.76 million)   Profit before tax increased by 249.6% to £0.43 million (2016: £0.12 million)   Profit after tax increased by 156.0% to £0.43 million (2016: £0.17 million)    Basic earnings per share increased to 0.28p (2016: 0.11p)   Cash generated from operations £1.03 million (2016: cash used £0.34 million)   Improved working capital position with net cash of £0.63 million (2016: net debt   £0.37 million)   Distributable reserves of £0.07 million (2016: retained deficit £3.97 million) OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS:    Saudi Standards, Metrology and Quality Organisation (“SASO”) started   enforcing legislation requiring the use of oxo-biodegradable plastic    Symphony was the first organisation to be awarded the SASO Quality Mark for   its d 2 w oxo-biodegradable additives and to achieve authorised supplier status   for the Saudi Arabian market    Launched d 2 p anti-microbial gloves into Wilko in the UK and several retail outlets in Italy    Launched d 2 p anti-microbial masterbatch for use in water pipes in Pakistan    Continued significant investment in R&D 01 Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017  |  www.symphonyenvironmental.com For more information visit:  www.symphonyenvironmental.com FINANCIAL STATEMENTS BUSINESS REVIEW CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SYMPHONY AT   A GLANCE CHAIRMAN’S  STATEMENT 04 BOARD OF   DIRECTORS 10 CHIEF  EXECUTIVE’S  REVIEW 06 Highlights 2017 02 An international company, with presence   in nearly 100 countries worldwide  Symphony at a glance Our product information 02 Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017  |  www.symphonyenvironmental.com www.symphonyenvironmental.com/d2w  www.symphonyenvironmental.com/what-is-d2w-2 The addition of d 2 w turns ordinary polymer (at the end of its useful life and   in the presence of oxygen) into a material which is biodegradable in the   open environment.  d 2 w is a masterbatch that is added to polymer during manufacture. It offers  seamless integration into the manufacturing process and is added at only   1%, which means little or no extra cost. Plastic products incorporating d 2 w:    •  can be made in existing plastic factories, with their existing workforce   and machinery.    •  meet all the relevant international standards, with proven performance in  terms of degradation, biodegradation and eco-toxicity - i.e. British Standard  8472, ASTM D6954, UAE 5009:2009, AFNOR AC T51-808 and   SASO Standards.    •  have (during their useful life) the same characteristics as conventional polymer   i.e. it is waterproof, lightweight, strong and flexible.    • are suitable for food contact according to FDA and EU food    contact regulations    • can be recycled with conventional polymer and can be made from recyclate. Products made with d 2 w also have the crucial advantage in that if they escape  collection and end up in the open environment as litter, they will degrade and  biodegrade until there is nothing left, in the same way as nature’s waste, only  quicker and leaving nothing behind. No Toxic residues and No Microplastics Several countries in Africa, Asia and the Middle East have already legislated   to require everyday plastic items to be made with oxo-biodegradable  technology, because it works. d 2 w products include: • Bin liners • Bottles, tubs and cups • Bubble wrap • Carrier bags •