 02 Rolls-Royce Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report Group at a Glance Group at a Glance Underlying revenue mix in 2017 Underlying revenue £15,090m Underlying operating profit £1,175m Free cash flow £273m Patents approved for filing 704 Engineers (year end) 18,245  Gross R&D expenditure £1.4bn Countries 50 Employees (year average) 50,000 Read more in our   Business Review   on pages 20 to 41 We are one of   the world’s leading  industrial technology  companies, creating  power and propulsion  systems for use on land,  at sea and in the air. Rolls-Royce Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 03 STRATEGIC REPORT Strategic Report Group at a Glance Our five businesses in 2017 Civil   Aerospace Civil Aerospace is a major  manufacturer of aero engines  for the large commercial   aircraft, regional jet and  business aviation markets.   The business uses its  engineering expertise,   in-depth knowledge and  capabilities to provide   through-life support   solutions for its customers. Underlying revenue £8,023m Underlying revenue mix     Large engine 70% V2500 12% Regional 4% Business aviation 14% Underlying   operating profit £520m Defence   Aerospace Defence Aerospace is a   market leader in defence   aero engines for military  transport and patrol aircraft   and has strong positions   in other sectors, including  combat, training aircraft   and helicopters.     Underlying revenue £2,275m Underlying revenue mix     Combat 30% Other 17% Transport  and patrol 53% Underlying   operating profit £374m Power   Systems Power Systems is a leading  provider of high-speed and  medium-speed reciprocating  engines, complete propulsion  systems and distributed   energy solutions. The business  serves the marine, defence,  power generation and   industrial markets.  Underlying revenue £2,923m Underlying revenue mix     Marine 30% Industrial 25% Defence  and other 12% Power generation 33% Underlying   operating profit £330m Marine Marine manufactures and  services propulsion and  handling solutions for the  maritime offshore, merchant  and naval markets, ranging   from standalone products to  complex integrated systems.  Underlying revenue £1,077m Underlying revenue mix     Commercial 69% Naval 31% Underlying   operating loss £(25)m Nuclear Nuclear is the technical  authority for the UK nuclear  steam raising plant that   powers the Royal Navy’s  nuclear submarine fleet;  managing plant design,   safety, manufacture and   service support. Our civil  nuclear operation supplies   safety-critical systems to   about half the world’s   nuclear power plants. Underlying revenue £818m Underlying revenue mix     Submarines 77% Civil  nuclear 23% Underlying   operating profit £38m * From January 2018, Rolls-Royce will be reporting as three new core business units. See page 8 for more information. See page 20 See page 26 See page 30 See page 34 See page 38 04 Rolls-Royce Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report Chairman’s Statement 2017 Overview After a very challenging few years, I believe  that Rolls-Royce is building real and  sustainable momentum. Progress will not   be smooth, given the nature of the industry  and the number of new products we are in  the process of introducing into the market,  and I do not want to underestimate the   risks. But, the medium-term prospects   look increasingly bright and the long-term  opportunities for us remain significant.   Our near to medium-term priorities are:   to improve operational performance, with  the focus on product reliability for our  customers and on cost competitiveness;   and cash flow generation for our long-term  prosperity. Growth opportunities for us in  our core industries are excellent. We have   to build customer satisfaction and cash flow  and, as a consequence, strengthen investor  confidence, to enable us to capitalise on  these. That is what we are determined to do.  Warren East, our Chief Executive, gives   in his report a full explanation of major  milestones and achievements in 2017. I would  like to highlight a few key developments.  There has been great progress in building  the executive leadership team. We have  refreshed our strategy and long-term vision.  We have refined our capital allocation  process. We have delivered financial   results ahead of budget and expectations  and we have ramped up production in our  Civil Aerospace business. We have initiated   a simplification of the Group into three  businesses and are embarking upon a  fundamental restructuring. This will make   for a simplified and more focused business.  At the same time, we have had to deal with  some significant operational challenges,  most notably with some in-service fleet  issues on two of our Civil Aerospace large  engine programmes. We are acutely aware  of the challenge this has created for some   of our customers. Our absolute priority   is to overcome these. Customer trust and  confidence – the bedrock of any business  – is, and must be, our number one goal.  We are continually looking to inject pace  and simplicity into our business operations,  even as we expand production to meet the  growth in demand for our products. We are  well advanced in the complex process of  overhauling our management information  systems. Our intent is to provide the data   we need, not only to manage the business  effectively, but to provide greater clarity   on outcomes and progress – progress in   real economic, not just accounting, terms.  We are a