 Company information IBC 1 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 strategic Report Governance Financial statements Overview ANOTHER YEAR OF   STRONG GROWTH 48.7% 82% * 28.1% ** HIGHLIGHTS FINANCIAL OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS GROSS PROFIT MARGIN CASH CONVERSION ADJUSTED OPERATING  PROFIT MARGIN www.medicagroup.co.uk Visit us for our latest news and developments 18.2% REVENUE INCREASE  > t otal number of reported body parts increased by  7.7%, from 1.35m in 2016 to 1.46m in 2017 • n ightHawk volume increased by 31.1% • c ross-sectional volume increased by 23.8%  > Recruitment has again been strong throughout  2017, with the total number of radiologists  (including radiographers and rheumatologists)  contracting with Medica standing at 306 as at  december 2017. this represents a net increase   of 58 year-on-year  > Medica provided services to 103 nHs t rusts and  private providers in 2017 (2016: 99) *  eBItd A cash conversion is detailed in n ote 31 **  Adjusted operating profit margin is detailed in n ote 31 2 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 WHAT IS TELERADIOLOGY? WHAT WE DO t eleradiology is the electronic transmission of  radiological patient images, including plain film x-rays  (pF), computerised tomography (ct ) scans and  magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans, from one  location to another, for the purposes of diagnostic  interpretation and reporting. t hrough teleradiology,  images can be transmitted from the hospital setting,  where the images are created, to a radiologist who can  review and report on the images remotely. In the case of  Medica, these are c onsultant Radiologists specialising in  the relevant field, who typically report on the image  from their own home or from one of Medica’s dedicated  reporting centres. t eleradiology improves patient care  by enabling radiologists to provide their services  remotely, thereby facilitating the rapid availability of  trained specialists 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. 24/7 365 RAPID AVAILABILITY OF   TRAINED SPECIALISTS Medica provides outsourced interpretation and  reporting on MRI, CT and plain film images. The  Company currently offers three primary services to  hospital radiology departments: NightHawk, an out-of- hours service, routine cross-sectional (Routine CS)  reporting on MRI and CT scans, and routine plain film  (Routine PF) reporting on x-ray images. Primary services: NightHawk o ut-of-hours emergency  ct and MR reporting in  less than an hour. Routine CS/PF Routine teleradiology  reporting of cross- sectional and plain film  images. Other services include: DayHawk Fast day-time reporting  (<60 minutes). Colonography s ub-speciality ‘virtual  colonoscopy’ service. DXA Flexible reporting by u K  rheumatologists. Radiographer reporting Quality assured  radiographer plain film  reporting service. Audit Highly experienced and  robust external auditing  service. Mammography s ub-speciality  symptomatic breast  reporting. MEDICA IS THE LARGEST  TELERADIOLOGY PROVIDER  BY REVENUE IN THE UK AT A GLANCE 3 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 strategic Report Governance Financial statements Overview HOW WE DO IT Medica has a bespoke IT platform  that provides market-leading  linkage between a hospital’s  Radiology Information System (RIS)  and Consultant Radiologists who  contract with Medica.  t his link to the hospital RIs is a key  advantage Medica has over  competitors in the teleradiology  market. t his unique linkage offers  Medica’s contracted radiologists  equivalence to n Hs in-house  reporting by providing the same  radiology history and previous  images that an in-house radiologist  would have access to. What this means  direct access to the hospital’s RIs  system and thus to a patients’  historical clinical records allows  Medica radiologists to give the most  complete and accurate reports  adhering to the highest standards,  in the same way that the hospital- based radiologist does. Among other benefits, Medica offers  hospital radiology departments the  ability to manage their workflow  more efficiently and flexibly, and  provides rapid access to specialist  c onsultant Radiologists, who may not be available to that hospital at  the relevant time, or at all.  HOSPITALS Image Store  (PACS) Patient  Scan Patient Booking/ Reporting System (RIS) Medica  Group Radiologist  reports  directly  into hospital  RIS Current  and Historic  Images Medica Radiologist  (Home Office/Hub) Medica Server/ PACS Clinical Governance Framework and Support 24 Hour Technical and Administrative Support Secure Medica Firewall Unique technical   solution to ensure   optimal patient care. 4 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 4 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 4 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 I am pleased to provide my  Chairman’s statement for  Medica Group Plc’s   first year as a public  company. A STRONG PLATFORM  FOR FUTURE GROWTH CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Ro Y dAVIs CHAIRMAN 5 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements o verview 5 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements o verview In 2017, Medica continued to grow  strongly and achieved another  impressive set of results. t he Group  saw growth across its main  teleradiology offerings with revenue  increasing by 18% on last year. t his  growth has been underpinned by  strong recruitment in the period  which saw a net increase of 58  radiologists on the prior year. In March 2017, Medica successfully  listed on the Main Market of the  l ondon stock exchange, raising  gross proceeds of £15m for the  c ompany, which were used to pay  down the net debt of the Group to  approximately £10m. By the end of