 SIRIUSMINERALS.COM 2 2 Highlights STRONG  PERFORMANCE PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 World-class resource • Defined the world’s largest  high-grade deposit of  polyhalite. • 2.66 billion tonnes of high- grade polyhalite from only 7%  of the Project area. Approvals in place • Have all the approvals  required to construct and  operate the largest mine of its  type anywhere in the world in  North Yorkshire, UK. Stage 1 financing complete • US$1.2 billion commitment     Largest UK mining equity  transaction since 2012.     L a r g e s t e v e r c o n v e r t i b l e  note issue by an AIM   listed company.     Largest ever UK royalty  transaction. Sales and marketing • Global sales commitments for  4.4 Mtpa take-or-pay supply  agreements. • Extensive and ongoing global  R&D programme. US$1.2 billion stage 1 financing complete 2.66 billion  tonne resource 4.4 Mtpa global take-or-pay supply  agreements in place Commencement of  construction • Construction officially  commenced May 2017.  • Sirius has engaged world  leading construction partners  to deliver a world-class  operation. 3 3 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Complete site preparation works   at Woodsmith Mine and Lockwood  Beck • Site access works complete. • Haul road, drainage,  concrete batch plant and  general infrastructure  complete. • Site welfare facilities installed  and operational. • MTS and reinjection pads  complete. Substantially complete D-wall  installation for production and  service shafts • Scope of D-walling activities  was substantially increased  with the change to wider  foreshafts. • Progress on production shaft  has been deferred to allow for  the SM14B drilling programme.  Progress design activities for MTS  and front-end design for harbour  and MHF • MTS scope of work at  advanced commercial  discussion stage with multiple  contractors. • Design scope for MHF and  overland conveyor complete  and out for commercial  tender. • Port outsourcing opportunities  are being negotiated in  parallel with internal design  and build process. Execute incremental supply  agreements • Supply agreement signed  with Wilmar International for  South East Asia: seven year  term, peaking at 0.75 Mtpa. • Commercial discussions in  other key regions (Europe,  Brazil, China, Africa)  progressing well. • On track for stage 2 financing  requirements. Expand breadth and depth of the  agronomy programme • Over 260 trials on 32 crops  in 17 countries. • Over 80 new trials  commenced during 2017. Seek a Premium Listing and move  to the Main Market • Premium Listing obtained  in Q2. • FTSE 250 inclusion  obtained at half-year  index re-weighting. • 2017 total shareholder  return of 24% vs 14% for  the FTSE 250. Preparation work for stage 2  financing execution in late 2018 • Key advisors appointed  and due diligence  programme well  advanced. PERFORMANCE AGAINST MILESTONES IN 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 4 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement It is with considerable pride that  I share with you the notable  achievements that have been  key to the continued success of  our polyhalite Project in 2017.  First and foremost, the commencement  of construction, in a safe and secure  environment, has seen us take major  strides towards our goal of first  production in 2021. The impressive  construction progress over the last  12 months sits alongside several other  key achievements which are all  contributing towards the successful  fulfilment of our ultimate vision: to  become a world-class fertilizer business. Local At full production over 1,000 high- skilled jobs will be created with an  additional 1,500 jobs created in the  supply chain. The high-skilled jobs  we will create will also be highly  productive and well-paid. As the  largest private sector capital  investment in the North, we are  sending a clear message that the  region is open for business and has  the necessary skills and ability to  deliver major infrastructure projects.  In addition to the employment  opportunities created, the Company  expects that, at full production, it will  make around £85 million in local  payments each year and will deliver  approximately £13 million in annual  contributions to the Sirius Minerals  Foundation, as well as being a  catalyst for regeneration with the  potential to create new economic  clusters in the region.  The impressive construction  progress over the last 12 months  sits alongside several other key  achievements which are all  contributing towards the successful  fulfilment of our ultimate vision:  to become a world-class  fertilizer business. RUSSELL SCRIMSHAW. CHAIRMAN PROGRESSING  TOWARDS  A BRIGHT FUTURE 5 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 National Beyond the North East, our project  will also bring major economic  benefits to the UK as a whole. At  full-scale production we are forecast  to generate significant tax revenues  to the national exchequer,  strengthening the UK’s fiscal position  and supporting public services. The  Woodsmith Mine and associated  infrastructure will enable us to  produce and sell up to 20 million  tonnes per annum of our primary  product, POLY4.  Having been associated with  significant mining projects for a large  part of my career, I take great comfort  that this expected success of our  business goes well beyond the  investment proposition. The efforts of  our team and supporters are already  creating positive, tangible economic  change in