 and financial summary on page 12. 02 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Russia Moscow Ukraine Belarus Kazakhstan Black Sea 3 2 4 1 Russia Moscow Ukraine Belarus Kazakhstan Black Sea 1 Karpenskiy 2 Vostochny Makaroyskoye 3 Dobrinskoye 4 Urozhainoye-2 Volga at a Glance Our assets are located in an established oil and gas  province. The area benefits from the existing rail,  road and pipeline infrastructure and proximity to  Russia’s main energy markets.  03 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic   Report  C or p or at e  Governance Financial  Statements 2017 Progress Conversion to Redox-based gas sweetening  to significantly reduce processing costs and  substantially eliminate waste disposal  requirements.  Construction of LPG extraction plant to  increase revenues. 2018 Objectives — Complete implementation of Redox  sweetening and construction of second  reaction vessel. — Complete LPG plant commissioning and  commence LPG production during Q2 2018. 2017 Progress Managed production primarily from the  VM#3 and VM#4 wells. Upgrade to production management  systems. 2018 Objectives — Complete reservoir and technical studies  on the VM field. Undertake workovers on  VM#1 and VM#2 wells to mitigate  formation water production and enhance  productivity.  2017 Progress New independent reserves report resulted  in 27% reduction in proved reserves. 2018 Objectives — Complete reservoir and other technical  studies to increase production and  optimise extraction of reserves in place. 2017 Progress Managed production from the Dobrinskoye  #26 well. 2018 Objectives — Sidetrack of #26 well to increase  production rates. 2017 Progress Maintain production and seek to maximise  extraction of oil from vertical wells.  Horizontal well drilled into the undeveloped  shallower reservoir in Uzen. 2018 Objectives — Seek to optimise extraction of oil from  existing wells, including the new  horizontal well. — Upgrade of production facilities, especially  to water separation equipment. 2017 Progress Commenced direct gas sales to Gazprom and  achieved improvement in netback. 2018 Objectives — Marketing of new LPG product stream. Dobrinskoye gas processing  plant Vostochny Makarovskoye  (“VM”) gas/condensate field  Reserve report Dobrinskoye gas/condensate  field Uzenskoye oil field Commercial 04 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairman’s Statement Dear Shareholder, During 2017 conditions for the oil and gas  industry worldwide and for Russia generally  have been more stable than in the recent  past. This stability has enabled Volga Gas to  undertake important steps to enhance its  operations materially, the most important  of which was switching the gas sweetening  process utilised at the Dobrinskoye gas  processing plant, the Group’s principal  production facility, to a Redox-based system.  This has reduced the chemical costs of the  operation and has eliminated the need to  dispose of bulky spent processing chemicals.  During the implementation of this process,  and whilst the operational team optimises  the management of the new process, the  plant throughput has had to be reduced.  However, with the improved oil and gas  market conditions, this has not had as  material an impact on the Group’s revenues  in 2017 as may otherwise have occurred. The change to a Redox gas sweetening  process was achieved with only modest  capital expenditure as minimal modifications  to the existing plant were required.  During 2017 , the main focus of the capital  investment was in two projects that are  expected to provide incremental revenues  material impact in reducing the operating  profits of the Group to US$0.1 million  (2016: US$2.51 million), due to an increase  in the depletion charge to US$8.6 million  (2016: US$5.0 million). Further details of  the impact of the reduction of the reserves  are set out in the operating and financial  reviews between pages 6 and 11. In spite of the reduction in reserves, the  Group still holds significant, fully developed  reserves in its three principal fields. These  reserves form the basis of sustainable  production with growth potential in the near  term. These assets provide a platform for  the Group to grow in the future, through  successful exploration and by selective   value-accretive acquisitions. The Board  believes that Volga Gas has a stable  foundation and the financial and  operational capability to develop and  extend these assets to provide long- term value for our shareholders. The Board remains committed to a policy  of enhanced dividend distribution and  is planning to modify its dividend policy  towards higher rates of distribution, having  in mind the requirements of the business and  the need to maintain its financial strength.  Within these constraints, the Board would  consider distributing up to 75% of its free  cash flow as dividends. For the time being  however, the Board considers it prudent  to defer a decision on the dividend level  until the incremental cash flow from the  investments undertaken in 2017 begins to be  realised. A further decision will be taken by  the interim results stage in September 2018. While the immediate outlook for the oil  industry remains broadly positive, the  finances of the Group will continue to be  conservatively managed. Capital investment  commitments will continue to be at a  modest rate and focused on enhancing  the profits from the gas and condensate  production and on optimising the production  from the reserves of the Company. MIKHAIL IVANOV CHAIRMAN MIKHAIL IVANOV CHAIRMAN and cash flow to the Group: the construction  of a plant at the gas processing facility to  capture for sale the liquid petroleum gases  (“LPG”) – propane and butane – that are  currently vented and flared; and the drilling  of a new horizontal oil well to