 Capco Annual Report & Accounts 2017 6  Earls Court Properties Covent Garden Covent Garden Covent Garden Covent Garden Lillie Square Clubhouse opens to residents The 18,000 sq ft Lillie Square Clubhouse  opens to residents. Amenities include a  concierge, swimming pool, gymnasium,  spa, private dining room and a cinema room Land enablement works Substantially complete in preparation for  future development ‘West Brompton Crossing’ temporary  pop-up high street opens  The project marks a first for temporary  retail and leisure use in the area Lillie Square Construction Phase 1 substantially complete and  enabling works for Phase 2 underway Covent Garden Christmas launch Show stopping switch on for 2017 in  partnership with BBC Children in Need  sees Kylie Minogue and Charlotte Tilbury  switch on the lights with Pudsey, against  the backdrop of a sparkling performance  from the stars of 42nd Street, watched by  Covent Garden’s largest audience to date Further signings Cora Pearl, hotly anticipated sister  restaurant to Mayfair’s Kitty Fishers,  Wahlburgers family restaurant and luxury  travel brand Tumi have all agreed terms to  open in 2018 The Shop at Bluebird signs to  Floral Street Luxury British concept store agrees terms  to open in Grade II listed Carriage Hall  with a 15,000 sq ft flagship opening in  2018, as a key anchor to Floral Street  New acquisitions £99 million invested to extend and  consolidate Covent Garden ownership,  including purchase of 15-17 Long Acre  and 27b Floral Street The Beauty Quarter goes from strength   to strength The first global flagship store from Tom  Ford and new brand Floral Street Fragrance  join the well-established cosmetics and  fragrance offer in Covent Garden, which  this year has also seen the opening of cult  beauty brand DECIEM  Earls Court Properties Earls Court Properties Covent Garden Earls Court Properties Destination dining concepts Covent Garden continues to lead the way  with concept dining in the form of Avobar,  Pancs and Egg’cellent £225 million private placement Signed agreement with eight institutional  investors for £225 million senior   unsecured notes Covent Garden Covent Garden AUGUST SEPTEMBER OCTOBER NOVEMBER DECEMBER Q1 2018 www.capitalandcounties.com 7  Governance Financial statements Strategic report Chairman’s statement DRIVING LONG-TERM  VALUE CREATION, WITH  RESPONSIBLE OVERSIGHT Ian Durant, Chairman Total return -1.3% Dividend per share 1.5p Total shareholder return pence 10 May 2010 31 Dec 2010 31 Dec 2011 31 Dec 2012 31 Dec 2013 31 Dec 2015 31 Dec 2016 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2014 Capco FTSE 350 Real Estate Index 50 100 150 200 250 300 350 400 450 OVERVIEW  Both of our prime central London estates had a very active year in  which management made good operational progress. The Covent  Garden estate, which now represents more than 70 per cent of the  Group’s portfolio by value, delivered positive performance and value  growth. The value of our investments at Earls Court has however  been impacted by challenges in the London residential market. PERFORMANCE  Capco’s total shareholder return for the year, which comprises  share price performance plus the dividends paid during the year,  was 8.1 per cent, and total return for the year, which represents the  change in net assets plus the dividends paid during the year, was  -1.3 per cent. The total value of Capco’s property portfolio fell by 0.9  per cent on a like-for-like basis to £3.5 billion, with gains at Covent  Garden being offset by a reduction in the Earls Court valuation.  Covent Garden is established as a renowned retail and dining  destination and continues to attract target brands. The Covent  Garden estate is benefiting from a period of significant investment  made over recent years, creating an inviting environment with a  wide variety of British heritage, independent and global brands  offering a broad selection of retail and dining experiences across   the estate. Net rental income has increased significantly in 2017.  Capco’s distinct approach to creative asset management continues  to drive leasing activity and in turn ERV progression.  Initiatives to enhance the estate have been very successful.  Examples include the establishment of Henrietta Street as a  menswear and dining destination and the successful repositioning  Capco Annual Report & Accounts 2017 8  of the Royal Opera House Arcade. In addition, a number of  acquisitions have extended our presence on Floral Street. The  Floral Court development is nearing completion with the courtyard  and restaurant openings expected over the coming months.  Economic and political uncertainty has impacted the residential  market in London, resulting in a further decline in the valuation   of our investments at Earls Court. The consented Masterplan  remains one of the largest Opportunity Areas in central London  with the ability to evolve with the needs of the Capital. The political  and economic environment has made discussions on enhancing the  Masterplan more difficult, however Capco will continue to seek to  positively engage with all stakeholders to evolve the Masterplan  over time. At Earls Court Partnership Limited (“ECPL”), our investment  vehicle with Transport for London (“TfL”), the final phase of the  complex demolition of the former Earls Court Exhibition Centres  has been successfully completed in preparation for future  development. Handover of the first phase of the Lillie Square  residential development nears completion and half of Phase 2 has  been pre-sold at a modest premium to comparable units in Phase 1.  In April 2017, Capco completed the sale of the Venues business at a  slight premium to net asset value, in keeping with our established  strategy of recycling capital through the disposal of non-core assets.  FINANCIAL POSITION AND DIVIDENDS  Capco continues to maintain a strong balance sheet,