 CEO Sumo Group plc  Annual Report 2017 02 534 * talented people in Sheffield,  Nottingham, Newcastle, Pune   (India) and Vancouver (Canada) * As at 31 March 2018. OUR JOURNEY SO FAR LOCATED IN FIVE CITIES  IN THREE COUNTRIES We are one of Europe's largest providers of creative and development  services to the video games and entertainment industries, delivering  full-service visual and development solutions from initial concepts to  development and post-release support. Sumo Group plc, which floated on AIM in  December 2017, was established in 2003  and now has two operating businesses,  Sumo Digital and Atomhawk, which together  employ 534 people across studios and offices  in Sheffield, Nottingham, Newcastle, Pune  (India) and Vancouver (Canada). Sumo Digital, established in 2003, is one  of Europe's largest independent developers  of AAA-rated video games, providing both  turnkey and co-development solutions   to an international blue-chip client base. Atomhawk, which was acquired by Sumo  Digital in June 2017, is a visual design  company providing creative services to the  full spectrum of the entertainment industry,  including games, TV and film. Both companies have developed deep  relationships with some of the world’s largest  computer games publishers, developers,  platform manufacturers and entertainment  brands, including Microsoft, Sony, Sega,  Warner Brothers and Marvel. T ogether  they have worked on some of the biggest  franchises in the entertainment industry,  such as Avengers, Mortal Kombat, Hitman,  Sonic All-Stars and Harry Potter . The Group offers end-to-end services to the  video games industry and beyond from visual  concept design and pre-production through  to development, user-interface design,  marketing and post-release support. GROUP AT A GLANCE MBO backed by  NorthEdge GOING FROM  STRENGTH TO STRENGTH Sumo Digital founded  in Sheffield 2003 Studio in Pune, India  opened in 2007 Acquired by  Foundation 9 Other 2007 2008 2003 2014 Key relationships From 'work to hire' game developer to a strategic  partner with some of videogaming's biggest players Sumo Group plc  Annual Report 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC  REPORT Took on Newcastle Studio  of CCP Games  SBO backed by Perwyn Nottingham  studio established FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC  REPORT August  Atomhawk  Vancouver opened December  IPO and Board strengthened Listed on LSE‘s AIM market June  Acquisition  of Atomhawk September  Management team  strengthened 2016 2018 2017 January  Pune studio  10 th  anniversary March  Snake Pass  launched 03 Atomhawk Atomhawk and Sumo Digital join forces to  create a powerhouse for high quality creative  and development services that will benefit  current and future clients across all sectors Multiple-time award winners/nominees at  BAFTA, DICE, TIGA, and Gamescom Awards 13 Nominations 10 SERVICING CLIENTS GLOBALL Y PUSHING THE BOUNDARIES TO  CREA TE GROUNDBREAKING GAMES SERVICING MORE SECTORS  BY EXPANDING OUR SERVICES Key: Clients in 2017   Sumo Digital   Atomhawk   Read more on  Page 09 At the heart of the Sumo Group, you will find its people. At the core of everything that Sumo Group works on, every title,  every design, you will find a host of talented and creative individuals  rallying to ensure its continued success. As we continue to grow the  Sumo Group, it becomes more important than ever to nurture our  culture and develop talent. We are committed to equal opportunities  and developing our people, helping them flourish and remain  challenged throughout their entire Sumo career . WE ARE PEOPLE GAMING IS WHAT WE DO PEOPLE Source: Forbes.com, on Snake Pass, Sumo Digital's first own-IP game.  Sumo Group plc  Annual Report 2017 08 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT The source of our success is our  people; we value them highly  and are committed to providing  a positive working environment. Ken Beaty Chairman BUILDING VALUE  TOGETHER I am delighted to introduce Sumo Group’s first Annual Report  as a quoted company, which shows the material progress  made by the business in 2017. The year under review was a significant one. Having  completed a secondary management buyout, backed by  Perwyn LLP, in September 2016, the business entered 2017  energised and with a clear plan to deliver strong organic and  acquisitive growth. Not only were both these objectives met  but the year culminated with the successful admission of  shares in Sumo Group plc to AIM on 21 December 2017.  The listing route was chosen to provide a new and ready  source of capital with which to deleverage the balance sheet,  raise the profile of the Company, enable the incentivisation  of its people and allow the management to execute its  growth strategy. Y ou will see from the rest of this Annual  Report how those objectives have been achieved or are being  advanced. I thank my Board colleagues and pay tribute to  the wider management team for their dedication and hard  work, throughout the year, which has allowed us to complete  the highly time-consuming admission process while at the  same time delivering an excellent operating performance. Sumo Group plc’s flotation also enabled private equity  investor, Perwyn, to realise some of its investment,  while keeping a significant shareholding in the newly  quoted business going forward. We are grateful for their  ongoing support. In preparation for IPO, we welcomed David Wilton as Chief  Financial Officer and, upon admission, Michael Sherwin  also joined the Board as Senior Independent Non-Executive  Director . Their profiles, which appear on page 20 and are  available on www.sumogroupplc.com/about/board-of- directors/, demonstrate the breadth of relevant experience  they bring to the PLC Board. 2017 PROGRESS Management team and Board strengthened. Successful IPO: new structure to facilitate  further growth. Since