 wideacademy Overview WideCells Group PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2017––––––– 6 Overview –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– 7 We believe that the stem-cell sector is reaching a tipping point in terms of the market’s understanding of its potential to treat rare and life-threatening conditions; the global stem cell market is currently valued at c.US$96 billion and is predicted to grow to US$170 billion by 2020 and US$270.5 billion by 2025, implying a CAGR of 13.8%. We are proud to be recognised as an intrinsic part of this medical revolution. Our integrated stem cell support services proposition includes: CellPlan, the ﬁrst-of-its-kind stem cell insurance plan; WideCells, our storage focused division leading the way in the development and use of cell banking services; and Wideacademy, which is driving education and awareness on the stem cells sector. Each division made signiﬁcant advances during the year as outlined below.  As testimony to our commitment to both innovation and education, in June 2017 the Group was ranked as the 21st most disruptive company globally by DISRUPT 100, an annual index celebrating the businesses with the most potential to inﬂuence, change or create new global markets. More recently, post period end, our CEO, João Andrade, was awarded the CEO Europe Award 2018 by CEO Today Magazine. CELLPLAN CellPlan has developed the world’s ﬁrst stem cell healthcare insurance plan and medical concierge service, designed to revolutionise stem cell healthcare by making stem cell transplants affordable for families who require treatment for life threatening diseases.  During the year, it made signiﬁcant advances bolstering its innovative offering to create new revenue opportunities and expand its service globally. It secured an agreement with Biovault Technical Ltd, the UK’s largest private human tissue storage facility (‘Biovault’), to roll-out CellPlan to Biovault’s client base. Additionally, it launched its e-commerce platform, www.cellplan.com, which allows the Group to sell CellPlan directly to families, whether existing or new clients.  Although the UK stem cell market is comparatively small, our initial launch in the UK has enabled us to trial our offering. The aim is now to roll CellPlan out internationally I am delighted to be part of this ground-breaking company and deliver my inaugural statement as its Chairman; the prospects of WideCells Group truly excite me. Through our three divisions, we are focused on making stem cell treatment affordable and accessible for families around the world. To this end, 2017 was a year of building both our service offerings and our partnerships with key players to position the Group as a multi-revenue generative opportunity in a fast-growing sector. This resulted in an inﬂection point with ﬁrst revenues generated before the year end.  Chairman’s Review Peter Presland Chairman WideCells Group PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2017––––––– 8 and include additional product offerings over time. We are set to launch in Spain imminently, and in support of this have secured an agreement with Stem Cell Banco Celulas Madre, S. A., an established provider of stem cell storage services, to offer CellPlan to its clients, and will also launch our e-commerce platform to ensure maximum market penetration. A Deﬁnitive Agreement has also been secured with Hemocord Clinica Medica Ltd in Brazil, a world-class leader in cord blood storage, which is set to provide CellPlan access to the largest cord blood storage market in South America, a market projected to be worth US$445 million by 2023. In March this year WideCells announced a landmark deal with Cryoviva Group, an established cord blood storage facility with operations in Thailand, Singapore and India, to sell CellPlan in Asia. Cryoviva has c.250,000 inspected samples stored to-date which represents almost 9% of all samples stored worldwide, with forecasts to store c.25,000 new samples every year. CellPlan will be launched to Cryoviva customers on a phased basis, commencing in H2 2018, providing staged revenue increases.  Finally, with our storage division WideCells having recently launched BabyCells, an umbilical cord blood and tissue storage service which is available to clients in the UK and Europe, additional synergistic growth opportunities are available for CellPlan, as one year’s stem cell insurance cover will be included as part of the initial storage package.  It is our hope and expectation that this will lead to ongoing uptake and revenue generation for CellPlan, whilst also giving a competitive advantage to our storage services.  WIDECELLS WideCells offers stem cell procurement, processing, retrieval and storage services in the UK and Europe. Through WideCells Brasil, it also operates a stem cell laboratory in São Paulo, Brazil, licensed by the Brazilian regulatory authority, the Agência Naciónal de Vigilância Sanitáría (ANVISA).  WideCells has established its own storage and processing facility, called the Institute of Stem Cell Technology (‘ISCT’) based at the University of Manchester Innovation Centre in the UK, which is well positioned to capture an increasing share of the cord blood banking market in the UK and Europe. This provides the Group with exposure to a fundamental part of the market; 4 million cord blood samples are currently held in storage in 500 facilities across the world and this is increasing by 250,000 a year.  Whilst the Group had been offering umbilical cord stem cells processing and storage services through a third-party storage facility under its BabyCells brand in Portugal between 2014 and early 2015, it was only post period end in February 2018 that WideCells was awarded a Human Application Licence by the UK’s Human Tissue Authority (“HTA”). This licence permits the Group to procure, import, export, process, store and distribute for treatment, umbilical cord blood and umbilical cord tissue from the UK and Europe at our ISCT facility in Manchester, UK. This transformational milestone licence enables the Group, under the brand name BabyCells, to offer affordable umbilical cord blood and tissue storage services at the highest standards to clients in the UK and Europe. Our focus is now on promoting client-uptake and we are actively looking for agents, initially focusing on Europe, to promote our stem cell storage services. In support of this, we believe we have