 Notes to the financial statements for Velocys plc 80 Directors, secretary and advisors to the Company IBC Visit us online: velocys.com Follow us on twitter: @velocysplc Strategic report Governance Financial statements UK renewable fuel project September 2017 Industry partnership formed, including British Airways, aimed  at developing waste-to-renewable jet fuel plants in the UK.   Read more on page 14.  Strategy July 2017 Reshaping of the Company to deliver the demands of the strategy  focused on renewable fuels.  Read more on pages 3 and 8. Financial May 2017 Fundraise of over £10m (before expenses). January 2018 (post-period end) Fundraise of £18.4m (before expenses) to be used principally  to help fund the development of the Mississippi biorefinery,  and to secure strategic investment into it. 2017 financial results Revenue of £0.8m (FY 2016: £1.4m). Cash* at year end of £2. 1m (FY 2016: £18.7m). Total impairments, primarily against intangible assets, of £34.6m. * Defined as cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments (see note 23).  Read more on pages 16 to 17 . Management team John Tunison appointed as Interim CFO in July 2017 .  Red Rock Biofuels May 2018 (post-period end) Biorefinery being developed by third party project developer  commences construction. Notice to proceed issued to Velocys. Velocys plc Annual report and accounts 2017 1 2 Velocys plc Annual report and accounts 2017 www.velocys.com www.velocys.com 2 Velocys plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Our business at a glance Velocys has a strong, multi-disciplinary team operating  from its US project development and commercial centre in  Houston, Texas, its UK project development and corporate  office near Oxford, UK, and its technology and supply  chain facility near Columbus, Ohio. We have experienced  Fischer-Tropsch, process engineering, project development  and plant commissioning and start-up teams unique to  the industry.  Business influences Velocys is managed as a single entity and referred to as “the Company”.  Throughout the Strategic report we highlight content relating to four  areas that will be critical to our future success. 1 Technical  expertise We are recognised as leaders in  smaller scale Fischer-Tropsch  technology. We have expertise  throughout the design,  commissioning and operation  of plants. 2 ENVIA – our commercial  springboard The first commercial scale  plant using Velocys’ technology  is in operation in Oklahoma  City . Our technology deployed  at the ENVIA plant will be a  springboard for commercial  growth.  3 Development  of biorefineries In partnership, we are  aiming to develop a series  of biorefineries in the US,  to become a producer of  significant volumes of  cellulosic renewable fuels. Following the Company’ s 201 6 strategy review V elocys  identified the market for renewable fuels in the United States  as being particularly attractive for the commercialisation of its  technology . This large and rapidly growing market is V elocys’  immediate focus. Our strategy has the objective of creating  sustainable growth.  Market of primary focus More renewable fuels are urgently  needed in the global fuel market.  Many governments have mandated driving  down greenhouse gas emissions by using  cleaner, renewable fuels – a move widely  supported by environmental agencies  and non-governmental organisations.  More are expected to follow suit. Industry  and consumers also want to drive  down their carbon footprint and reduce  emissions cost-effectively, and swiftly. US renewable fuels The US jet fuel market is around  20bn gallons/year, and the US Energy  Information Administration (EIA) expects  an increase in global air travel by  over 3% per year in the coming years.  The airline industry (ICAO) has committed  to carbon-neutral growth by 2020 and  a 50% reduction in emissions by 2050.  Incremental operational efficiencies will  go a small way towards meeting these  targets but nothing less than a huge  increase in the supply of renewable  jet fuel will be needed if they are to  be met. By 2022 there is expected to  be a worldwide demand of more than  two billion gallons/yr of renewable jet  fuel based on carbon neutral growth,  of which more than 700m gallons per  year will be required in North America.  In the US, diesel consumption is around  40bn gallons/year with 25% growth  predicted by the EIA to 2040. There is an  urgent and increasing demand for 