 popular games to a very broad audience. 1 Financial Statements Strategic Report Corporate Governance 20 1 7 Highlights Financial Operational RMG revenue increased by 5% to  £22.7m (2016: £21.5m) Social publishing revenue   decreased by 13% to £6.9m (2016: £7.9m) with 45%   reduction in marketing as well as a  reduction in headcount of 19 Game library growth to  19 proprietary games on our   Grizzly platform (2016: 8) Total game library growth to 683 games on our Grizzly platform   (2016: 458) Own game content and IP generated 38% (2016: 37%) of real money gaming   and social publishing revenue Licensing revenue increased 7% to £0.8m (2016: £0.8m) RMG marketing decreased by 17% Delivered a maiden full year   Adjusted EBITDA of £0.8m (2016: £2m loss) Real money gaming (RMG)   EBITDA increased  11 3% to £2.7m (2016: 1.3m) Social publishing EBITDA   loss reduced  97% to £0.1m (2016: £1.8m loss) Strategic brand partnership deployments  with ITV and STORM for LoveIslandgames  as well as growing previous partnerships  with Fremantle and Endemol  » Integration of real   money gaming   and social game   development   roadmap  » Launched new content  licensing business in  addition to brand  licensing. In 2017 the  Remote Game Server was  certified and deployed in  New Jersey and Europe  » Secured a 10-year services  agreement and £3.5m  convertible loan with  Jackpotjoy Group  » Settled $4.5m/£3.3m  final tranche payment  relating to the Slingo  acquisition  » Affiliate business  transferred to held for  sale and subsequently  sold in March 2018  » Total Revenue down   by 7% to £31.6m   (2016: £34.0m) for   the year ended   31 December 2017  » Revenue excluding disposed non-core assets down by 1% Gaming Realms plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 At a glance Gaming Realms develops, publishes and licenses mobile gaming content. Our market- leading mobile technology powers content distribution and monetization across real   money and social publishing markets. As the creator of a variety of Slingo™, bingo, slots and other casual games, we use our  proprietary data platform to build and engage global audiences that are expanding even  further via strategic lottery, media and platform partnerships. Gaming Realms has partnered  with some of the most successful and popular global platforms and operators. Innovation   at our heart Integrated game development, licensing and publishing IP licensor  » North American Lottery Printed Scratch  Games – Scientific Games  » Global Electronic Gaming Machines –  Scientific Games  » Global Lottery Mobile Instant Games – IWG  » Social Slot Games – Zynga Inc. Game development Game licensing Game publishing 3 Mobile games studios: End to end publisher with 100% regulated  gaming and social games revenues.  » Our mobile-first, real money gaming  platform ‘Grizzly’ is licensed in Alderney and  by the UK Gambling Commission.  » Our real money gaming players are  exclusively in the UK today.  » Our mobile-first, social games are available  on iOS, Google Play, Facebook, Amazon and  mobile web.  » c.90% of our publishing revenue is derived  from mobile with our platform and games  optimized for every device.  » Our platform is powered by sophisticated  data science and engineering to drive  optimal ROI for acquiring and retaining our  audience. Content licensor  » Social Puzzle Games – Electronic Arts Inc.  » Bingo – Pala Interactive  » iGaming Library – US and EU • US – Caesars Interactive, Resorts Inc, Pala  Interactive, Rush Street and Golden Nugget  • Europe – LadbrokesCoral, 888, JackpotJoy  and Bet Victor Brand partnerships  » Endemol – Deal or No Deal  » Freemantle – Britain’s Got Talent,   the X Factor  » Northern & Shell – Health Games  » ITV – Love Island, Dancing On Ice,   The Only Way is Essex, Hell’s Kitchen  » Sony – Who Wants to Be a Millionaire London,   UK Victoria,  Canada Brest,   Belarus 3 Financial Statements Strategic Report Corporate Governance Our key focus areas Original game content   & IP development We build original content from our own  London, Victoria and Brest based studios  incorporating social meta games and real  money mechanics with well-known brands. Data and algorithmic  optimisation ‘It’s all about the data’ - from advanced  algorithms to individual landing pages  designed to give the player an optimised  experience. Responsible   gambling Gaming Realms is committed to providing  an environment for customers to play  responsibly and securely. Since commencing  operations we have had measures in place  to encourage responsible play – to keep it  fun – and have provided tools to help keep  customers’ gaming and spending within   their control.  Gaming Realms has worked closely with  other operators to help develop and shape  a responsible approach to customers across  the industry. Internally, we regularly conduct  training for all our employees to raise  awareness of problem gambling.  Our marketing and advertising strategies  comply with the Committee of Advertising  Practice (CAP), the Broadcast Committee of  Advertising Practice (BCAP) and the Industry  Group for Responsible Gambling (IGRG)  advertising codes. Gaming Realms has also  implemented new policies in response to the  published guidelines from the UK Gambling  Commission and the Competition and  Markets Authority to ensure our terms are  clear and fair. In addition, we fund research, education  and treatment of problem gambling through  donations to GambleAware. In 2017 we made several improvements to  our processes to