 of water intensive industries.  Group highlights  ∙ Significant progress towards commercialising technology across all targeted applications  under IP-rich, capital-light models  ∙ Meaningful engagement with major industry players around the world  ∙ Group income increased to £2.3m (17-month 31 December 2016: £2.5m). Adjusted  EBITDA loss £28.7m (17-month 31 December 2016: loss £20.7m) 1  ∙ Year end cash £25.1m (17-month 31 December 2016: £28.9m) following £25m capital  raise in December 2017 to accelerate commercialisation against specific milestones 1  Adjusted EBITDA is defined as loss on ordinary activities before interest, tax, share-based payment expense, non-operating exceptional costs, depreciation and amortisation. Cleaning Technologies  ∙ High Performance Workwear:   Acquired Marken PPE Restoration in July 2017 and  Gloves Inc. in March 2018; national US coverage  expected in 2019.  ∙ Domestic Laundry:   Structured discussions with number of major  OEMs, after launch of domestic washing machine  incorporating Xeros technologies at the Consumer  Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January 2018.   ∙ Hotel & Lodging:   Ongoing discussions with two major OEMs on testing  and validation after launch of Symphony Project in  April 2017 – enables integration of Xeros technology in  OEM-branded machines.   Expansion of Forward Channel Partner network  reducing direct sales and service force. Pipeline of  opportunities in high water shortage/price countries  and regions of the US.  Total commissioned and revenue generating estate  of 381 machines up 80% in the year. Tanning Technologies  ∙ Successful scale trials with leading European  tanneries; focus on completing engineering solutions  to facilitate technology incorporation in existing  tannery processes.  ∙ Commercial negotiations on-going with multiple  tanneries.  ∙ Targeting first revenues in 2018. Textile Technologies  ∙ Successful lab trials in Denim finishing and Garment  dyeing.  ∙ IP filing protection now permits scale trials and  development with major garment manufacturers. 01 Xeros Technology Group plc Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Group highlights We’re taking giant steps to change  industry for the better.  Our game-changing technology  transforms many industrial and  domestic processes by radically  reducing their dependence on  water, chemicals and energy,  while improving performance. 02 Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Xeros Technology Group plc OUR  PURPOSE 03 Xeros Technology Group plc Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 XEROS  TECHNOLOGIES 04 Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Xeros Technology Group plc “We saw the future of laundry   at CES – and it’s amazing.” USAtoday.com 05 Xeros Technology Group plc Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 “The near-waterless washing system  from Xeros is exciting and can  potentially revolutionise the local  tourism sector. Saving up to 80%  water and nearly 50% electricity  are metrics that really resonate  with South Africans, who are facing  rising water costs.”  Charl De Beer Founder  fanute hospitality solutions 06 Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Xeros Technology Group plc This has been another year of  considerable progress at Xeros. We also commenced implementation of our plan to move our  Hotel & Lodging business to a low-cost model with the launch  of the Symphony Project in April 2017. Symphony Project  enables OEMs to integrate Xeros’ technology into their own- branded products and to use their existing channels for its  commercialisation. Subject to successful validation and testing  we are targeting OEMs to begin this commercialisation in 2019.  At the end of the year, we had a total of 381 commissioned  machines earning revenue, a growth of 80% during the year.  Our learning and US market presence has been instrumental  in creating demand for Xeros’ benefits in multiple new  geographies and has provided credibility for all the applications  we are now looking to commercialise. Following the contract signature with Wollsdorf Leder,  our Tanning Technologies team have successfully delivered  many scale trials with leading European tanneries. With  the technology itself now proven, focus has been on  completing the engineering solutions which customers  need to incorporate the technology into their process. Our  plan is to sign a number of multi-year contracts in 2018. The development of Textile Technologies, which we started in  mid-2016, is now delivering comparable water and chemistry  savings to those achieved by our other applications. Following  further scale trials, we are planning to engage with major  garment manufacturers and targeting to sign development  agreements by the end of the year. We have a clear commercialisation strategy predicated on  generating returns on our intellectual property. We only  physically enter markets where it is imperative for us to prove  out and de-risk our applications, ahead of licensing or selling  our technology to others who are best placed to maximise  their commercial potential.  Our strategy is dependent upon a robust intellectual property  portfolio which at the end of March 2018 totalled 48 “pending”  and “granted” patent families which represents an increase  of 7 since the beginning of 2017. In December, we raised £25m before fees to accelerate the  commercialisation of our application portfolio and to achieve  specific commercial milestones in each of our businesses,  thereby giving a clear line of sight to monetisation of our  intellectual property portfolio. The Board and I view the Group as now being close to a  number of major inflection points, each of which has the  capacity to generate significant value for our investors, many  of whom have been supportive since the inception of the  Group in 2006. Their loyalty, combined with the continued  commitment and dedication of our employees, has taken us  to this point. I look forward to 2018 being