 93 Independent auditor’s report Vitec is a leading global provider of  premium branded products and solutions  to the fast changing and growing   “image capture and sharing” market.  Customers include broadcasters,  independent content creators,  photographers and enterprises. We design, manufacture and distribute  high performance products and solutions  including camera supports, camera  mounted electronic accessories, robotic  camera systems, prompters, LED lights,  mobile power, monitors and bags. We employ around 1,700 people across  the world in ten different countries   and are organised in three Divisions:   Imaging Solutions, Production Solutions  and Creative Solutions. Capture. Share. What’s Inside £378.1m Adjusted revenue  £44.8m Adjusted operating profit*     97  Financial Statements     26 Creative  Solutions  Read about the operational  progress of our Creative   Solutions Division     06 Group Chief  Executive’s  Review   Read a summary of 2017’s   performance and understand   Vitec’s strategy to realise growth     08 Sustained  investment in  new markets and  technologies  Read about our latest acquisitions     22 Production  Solutions  Read about the operational  progress of our Production  Solutions Division     18 Imaging  Solutions  Read about the operational  progress of our Imaging   Solutions Division     36 Financial  Review  Read the detailed financial  information for the year  Strategic Report  Corporate Responsibility  Corporate Governance  Financial Statements Dear Shareholders 2017 was another successful year   for Vitec, with a good trading performance,  continued underlying growth and significant  progress on strategic objectives. Vitec  delivered a good set of financial results for  2017, with underlying sales and profit growth,  and a record level of revenue and profit  before tax. The Company’s share price rose  from £6.48 at the start of January 2017   to £11.30 on 31 December 2017. As a consequence, the Board recommends   a final dividend of 20.1 pence per ordinary  share (2016: 17.3 pence) which, subject to  approval by shareholders at the 2018 AGM,  will be paid on Friday 18 May 2018.  In 2017, we streamlined our portfolio of  businesses, successfully selling the non-core  businesses of Haigh-Farr and Bexel, our   US Services business, for a combined net  consideration of £33.2 million. We acquired  the JOBY and Lowepro brands, as well as   the higher technology business of RTMotion.  This streamlining of Vitec’s business portfolio  will in the future deliver enhanced financial  performance and higher margins for the  Company and we will continue to explore  bolt-on investment opportunities in our   core and adjacent markets. 2018 also promises to be an exciting   year for Vitec. We have moved to a three  divisional structure – with Imaging Solutions,  Production Solutions and Creative Solutions  addressing our core photographic, broadcast  and independent content creator customers.  The Production Solutions Division will relocate  its Bury St. Edmunds operation into a new  purpose-built manufacturing site nearby in   H1 2018, demonstrating our confidence   in the division. We are making excellent  progress with the integration of JOBY and  Lowepro into the Imaging Solutions Division,  and Creative Solutions now has critical mass,  growth potential and the talent to stand on   its own as a separate division. Martin Green joined the Board on 4 January  2017 as Group Business Development Director.  Kath Kearney-Croft joined the Board on   24 April 2017 as Group Finance Director.   The Company has a strong executive  management team to deliver our strategic  growth plans. Mark Rollins will be leaving   the Board as an independent Non-Executive  Director and Senior Independent Director on  2 April 2018 to focus on his Chairman’s role  at Carclo plc. Mark has been a valuable  member of the Board since joining in October  2013 and the Board wishes him well for the  future. To ensure that we have a strong  independent non-executive presence on the  Board we have searched for a replacement   to Mark and we are pleased to report that  Richard Tyson will join the Board on 2 April  2018 as an independent Non-Executive  Director. Richard is Chief Executive Officer   of TT Electronics plc, holding that position  since 2014. He was formerly President of   the Aerospace and Security Division of  Cobham plc from 2008 to 2014 and a  member of their Executive Committee.  Christopher Humphrey will become Senior  Independent Director in addition to his role   as Chairman of the Audit Committee with  effect from Mark ceasing to be a director.    In 2017, the Board conducted an external  evaluation of its performance and I am  pleased to report that the performance of  your Board and its committees were rated  highly with the right balance of skills and tone  from the top, along with the experience to  meet the challenges of growing the business.  The detail of this evaluation is covered in the  Governance Report.  The Board visited the Teradek business in  California, US in October 2017 and met with  the Creative Solutions senior management  team, including the founders of each of the  constituent businesses of Teradek, SmallHD,  Paralinx, Wooden Camera and RTMotion.   This was an exceptionally valuable exercise   in building the Board’s knowledge and  understanding of the new division and the  talent of the divisional team. I am confident  that