 financial statements 136  Parent company statement  of changes in equity 202  Parent company statement  of financial position 203  Notes to the parent company  financial statements 204 Shareholder information  Group financial record 211  General information 212  KPI KPI KPI KPI KPI Financial KPI Other financial and non-financial KPIs Please see pages 32 to 33 for  a description of the Group’s  financial and non-financial KPIs  and how they link to the  Group’s strategic priorities. Visit: g4s.com for more information. The Chief Financial Officer’s review  is on pages 37 to 50. a. See page 44 for basis of preparation and  definition of core businesses and for a  reconciliation to statutory results. An  explanation of Alternative Performance  Measures is provided on page 35. KPI Highlights and contents Front cover: G4S provides technology and physical security services for the three consortia building the  Thames Tideway tunnel. G4S is securing the project as a fully-integrated partner for security  across all 21 construction worksites. The Thames Tideway tunnel is a £4.2 billion construction project, designed to stop London’s  iconic River Thames from being polluted. A cleaner Thames and a more attractive riverside will  help underpin London’s economic prosperity, attracting more tourists, and boosting the use of  river transport. It is also expected to help revitalise small local businesses and the commercial  fishing industry, by encouraging healthy marine life. KPI Strategic report Integrated Report and Accounts 2017 G4S plc 1 SECURITY SERVICES AND TECHNOLOGY (77%) Market G4S operates an integrated security business in more  than 90 countries across the globe. The global security  market has structural growth qualities (see page 8 for   a description of the growth drivers) and is highly  fragmented; there are few international suppliers and  our competitors are typically smaller local and regional  companies. The security industry is seeing growing  demand for technology-enabled and integrated security  solutions (which combine people and technology)   to deliver cost-effective security, especially in   developed markets. Our approach Against the backdrop of growing demand, we design,  market and deliver a wide range of security and related  services and our global footprint provides valuable  access to a highly-diversified customer base in markets  around the world. Some traditional security markets are  commoditised and significant price competition exists  – we aim to differentiate G4S by providing industry- leading security solutions that are innovative, reliable and  efficient. Our scale and focus on productivity support,  our cost competitiveness and our sustained investment  in professional staff, technology, software and systems  enable us to provide innovative and reliable solutions   for our customers on a stand-alone or integrated basis. SECURE SOLUTIONS   (84% OF CORE BUSINESS  REVENUES) G4S at a glance SECURING YOUR WORLD G4S is the world’s leading global, integrated security  company specialising in the delivery of security and  related services across six continents. We offer a broad range of security products and  services on a single, multi‑service and integrated basis.  We have been investing in technology, software and  systems. The Group’s technology‑related security  revenues were £2.45 billion* in 2017 (2016: £2.2 billion).   OUR BUSINESSES Market G4S Care & Justice Services are concentrated in the   UK and Australia. The market for the private provision  of care and justice services is fairly consolidated with a  small number of large providers. Larger companies are  usually better equipped to deliver the highly specialised  services in this sector, working with a diverse supply  chain including the voluntary sector. In the UK the  market environment is mature with limited growth  opportunities. In the short to medium term we expect  the environment to be more positive in Australia. Our approach We aim to achieve positive outcomes for those in the  care and justice system. G4S will only offer custody,  detention, rehabilitation and care services where we   can access a qualified talent pool and where the   political, legal, human rights and regulatory framework  is consistent with our Group values and results in  acceptable operational, commercial and reputational risk.  Market G4S Cash Solutions is one of a small number of large,  global cash businesses and is the market leader or  number two in 40 of its 42 markets. Each market is  highly regulated, often by central banks, and the business  requires significant infrastructure and expertise. G4S  competes with local, national and a small number   of international competitors. Cash volumes in most  developed markets are flat or gradually declining at an  aggregate market level. Cash usage continues to increase  in emerging markets (see page 8 for cash usage trends).  The Group sees significant revenue-growth opportunities  in providing technology solutions to reduce the cost and  increase the ease of using cash for banks and retailers. Our approach We transport, process, recycle, store securely and  manage cash, and provide secure international logistics  for cash and valuables. Our strategy is designed to  enable us to aggregate cash-handling volumes through  cost leadership and product and service differentiation. We invest in technology and sell proprietary   cash-management systems which combine skilled  professionals with software, hardware and operational  support in an integrated, managed service. To support  cost leadership we strive for a consistent operating  model and use shared services to maximise efficiency. We operate around the globe, focusing on markets  where we are able to build and sustain a material  market share in our key service offerings. Outside   the traditional cash market, there remains significant  opportunity for retail cash and bank branch automation  – services that have mainly remained in-house until now. CARE & JUSTICE SERVICES