 105  Notes to the consolidated  financial statements 155 Company balance sheet 156  Company statement of  changes in equity 157  Notes to the Company   balance sheet 173 Group statistical information 174 Cautionary statement 175 Glossary of terms 176 Shareholder information 1 Thermal Ceramics Thermal ceramics to protect   critical components    Our high temperature fibre,  refractory and microporous  insulation provide thermal  management in manufacturing. 2 Molten Metal Systems  Crucibles for casting of  industrial components   We produce crucibles which  are used in manufacturing  large components in a variety  of industries. 3 Electrical Carbon  Wheel motors for mining   We are the leading manufacturer  of carbon brushes for mining,  used in applications such as wheel  motors, hoists or conveyors. 4 Seals and Bearings  Seals for industrial applications   Our carbon, graphite and silicon  carbide seals possess superior wear  characteristics, making them ideal  for industrial use. 5 Technical Ceramics  Laser reflectors   We produce laser reflector tubes,  in large and complex dimensions,  which are used in cutting and  welding. Industrial Financial Statements  Page 100 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements   Annual Report 2017 Morgan Advanced Materials 01 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Customer Focus Reliable  problem  solving  ethically and  safely Materials Science Application Engineering Our strengths  > Leading technology and materials  science capability and process  know-how  > Application engineering  > Customer focus, reputation   and brand  > Strong market positions  > People and culture  > Selling into 100 countries  > Manufacturing in 30 countries  > Approximately 8,800 employees Our products Morgan Advanced Materials  manufactures an extensive  range of products, satisfying  a variety of applications across  numerous end-markets.  The Group’s products sit in two   global Divisions and six global business   units which Morgan operates: Thermal Products Division, organised   in two global business units:  > Thermal Ceramics: 42% of Group  revenue in 2017 – insulating fibre, board,  paper, bricks and monolithics – an extensive  range of high-temperature insulation  products used to reduce energy  consumption in industrial processes  and provide fire protection.  > Molten Metal Systems: 5% of Group  revenue in 2017 – crucibles for metals  processing – a comprehensive range  of crucibles for optimum performance  in non-ferrous metal and alloy melting  in foundries, die-casters and metal  processing facilities. Our engineered solutions are  developed to exacting specifications  and deliver ever greater performance  through materials and production  process innovation. The Group’s highly experienced scientists and  application engineers are constantly engaged with  our customers to find new solutions for complex  and technologically demanding problems. This work is underpinned by a passion to develop  the next generation of skilled materials scientists and  application engineers, coupled with a commitment  to the environment, to health and safety, and  operating to high ethical standards. Our structure Thermal Products  Division Thermal Ceramics Molten Metal  Systems Carbon and Technical  Ceramics Division Electrical Carbon Composites and Defence Systems Seals and Bearings Technical Ceramics Selling into   100 countries Manufacturing in   30 countries Approximately  8,800 employees £1 ,021.5m Total global sales Morgan Advanced Materials Annual Report 2017 08 Overview Financial and operational highlights Financial performance showed progress with  a return to organic growth. 2018 will continue  to reflect the focus on strategic delivery underpinned  by a focus on safety performance. Andrew Shilston Chairman 2017 was the second year of the three-year plan  to reinvigorate the Company through investment  in products, people and better operational  processes. It was pleasing to see that financial  performance showed some modest progress,  particularly as the global economy started to  show some signs of growth in the latter part of  the year. On an organic constant-currency basis*,  revenues increased by 1.4%, and the balance  sheet was stronger at the end of the year due to  better operational management and disposals  with net debt* reducing to £181.3 million from  £242.5 million in 2016. Despite disposals of  mature assets with good margins the operating  profit margin was stable with the negative effects  of those disposals offset by operating efficiencies  and higher revenues. The proposed dividend is  unchanged at 1 1.0p per share. The next year will see further progress in the  important areas of achieving greater effectiveness  in winning new business through training and  key new hires, improving Leadership behaviours,  and making the support functions as efficient  as possible. Together with the reinvestment  in our Centres of Excellence the Board believes  the Group has the capability to generate organic  growth in the future by concentrating on areas  of the markets with needs particularly attuned  to our capabilities. In addition to growing the business, the right  behaviours must be observed and all employees  should be sure of operating in a safe environment.  It was very disappointing to see a road accident  in the USA which injured 19 of our employees,  some of them seriously. Aside from this the  accident rates in some of our other businesses  did not improve. Performance objectives of  top management continue to place emphasis  on causing positive change in this area. There has been a further change in the Board  during the year with Rob Rowley stepping down  as Non-executive Director and Chairman of  the Audit Committee. I am very grateful for Rob’s  interest in, and support for the Company during  his tenure. I therefore welcome Jane Aikman to 