 Corporate calendar 60 Our awards 61 02 Belvoir Lettings plc Annual report and accounts 2017 At a glance Our reach Belvoir operates in both the lettings and sales markets  and has 300 offices across the whole of the UK. 300 total number of offices See our business model on pages 8–9 Growth through acquisition We are the UK’s largest property franchise group and we continue  to grow organically by delivering award-winning service and  through acquisition at both the franchisee and the corporate level. Our Group Belvoir was founded in February 1995 as a specialist  franchised lettings agent and extended its services  to encompass estate agency in 2014. Over the past  three years, the Belvoir Group has adopted a  multi-brand strategy by acquiring the Newton  Fallowell, Goodchilds and Northwood franchise  networks, and now operates from 300 offices  nationwide with a portfolio of 58,020 managed  properties, making it the UK’s largest property  franchise group with total revenue of £11.3m.  In 2017 the Group acquired Brook, a specialist  mortgage broker, providing customers with  mortgage and property-related financial  services products. Why invest in Belvoir? Proven multi-brand franchise model  Award-winning services delivered  by established network Recurring revenue stream Long-serving, experienced leadership  team delivering growth Highly trained staff with  expert knowledge 20 11 5 SCOTLAND 11 6 YORKSHIRE  AND THE  HUMBER 9 6 1 EAST OF  ENGLAND NORTHERN  IRELAND 5 SOUTH WEST 8 9 WALES 4 2 SOUTH EAST 21 18 NORTH   EAST 3 1 NORTH   WEST 24 16 LONDON 12 EAST  MIDLANDS 28 7 31 WEST  MIDLANDS 26 9 7 Belvoir Northwood Newton Fallowell 03 Annual report and accounts 2017 Belvoir Lettings plc Our acquisition timeline Having developed a multi-brand platform, the Group is looking to grow further through the acquisition of additional  significant franchise networks or companies offering specialist property-related services from which our franchisees  can benefit. The latter underpinned the rationale of acquiring Brook during 2017. Historically a lettings franchise, Belvoir  now offers both sales and lettings  services and has nationwide coverage. Established in 1995 Offices 171 Belvoir Originally an East Midlands-based  estate agent but, with seven of the  Goodchilds offices rebranding  to Newton Fallowell, this network  is becoming a leading property  brand across both the East and  West Midlands.  Newton Fallowell Established in 1999 Offices 39 Northwood also started as a  specialist lettings franchise but now  has national coverage offering both  sales and lettings. The Northwood  franchisees have welcomed becoming  part of a larger well-funded group,  with 14 franchisees buying out a  local agency under the Belvoir  Assisted Acquisitions programme. Established in 1995 Offices 90 July 2017 Acquisition of Brook, providing  mortgage, insurance and other financial  services to the Group June 2016 Acquisition of Northwood, the largest  remaining independent UK property  franchise network at the time July 2015 Acquisition of Newton Fallowell,  one of the largest estate agents  in the East Midlands October 2015 Acquisition of Goodchilds,  consisting of lettings and estate  agency branches located across  the West Midlands Brook trades as an appointed  representative of the Mortgage  Advice Bureau (MAB), one of the  UK’s leading networks for mortgage  intermediaries. As part of the Belvoir  Group, Brook will leverage its  expertise to introduce new  mortgage products and financial  services across all Group networks.  Brook Financial Services Northwood Established in 2010 Advisors 29 Read about our acquisition  strategy on page 16 04 Belvoir Lettings plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement I am pleased to report that the Belvoir Group has made significant  progress, increasing profitability by over 60%, in a year that has  been a testing one for some companies in the property sector. Performance Total revenue of £11.3m was underpinned by increases in both MSF  from lettings and sales of 23% and 21% respectively, with organic  growth being enhanced by growth from acquisitions and increased  take-up of property sales by both the Belvoir and Northwood  networks. This is a testament to the resilience of the business  format franchising model and the responsiveness of this model to  changing markets. In the face of uncertainty from the introduction  of new regulations, our franchisees have risen to the challenge with  many seeing growth through portfolio acquisition opportunities at a  local level and pursuing new revenue streams, such as property sales  and financial services, as a means to securing their long-term future.  Strategy The Board of Belvoir identified financial services as a potential  growth area for the Group, and in July 2017 acquired Brook  as an excellent vehicle for maximising our return from individual  property transactions through the sale of specialist mortgage  and property-related financial services. I would like to take this  opportunity to welcome Michelle Brook and her team to the  Belvoir Group. Brook is already working closely with all 39 Newton  Fallowell offices and, with 25 Belvoir and six Northwood offices  already on board, I have every confidence in their ability to roll out  their financial services offering across the other Group networks. At the Group level, we continue in our aim to extend our share of  the UK property market by leveraging our expertise as a franchisor,  as we see a genuine benefit to all stakeholders from further  consolidation within the sector. We firmly believe that Belvoir is  best placed to take advantage of consolidation at both the franchisee  and franchisor level. Furthermore, the Board is committed to  broadening the range of property services offered by our franchisees,  building on their reputation for delivering a highly professional  lettings and estate agency service