 112 Definitions and Glossary Highlights  Decisive management action  returned Group to profit in H2  after challenging H1 Revenue £335.8m FY16: £342.4m Adjusted EBITDA £48.9m FY16: £68.6m Adjusted EBITA £1.8m FY16: £20.5m Operating loss (£71.4)m FY16: (£2.7)m  Reported EPS (basic and diluted) (49.96)p FY16: loss of (11.18)p  Adjusted EPS (diluted) (5.68)p FY16: earnings of 2.94p Core utilisation (LTM) 50% FY16: 50%  Specialist utilisation (LTM) 73% FY16: 75%  Find out more in our Financial Review   on page 18 This Report contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the operations, strategy, performance, financial condition and growth opportunities of the Group.  By their nature, these statements involve uncertainty and are based on assumptions and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and  developments to differ materially from those anticipated. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available at the date of preparation of this Report  and, other than in accordance with its legal and regulatory obligations, HSS Hire Group plc undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Nothing  in this Report should be construed as a profit forecast. HSS Hire Group plc  Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Branch CDC (Customer distribution centres) CDC Strategic Report Our Business   at a Glance Our story The HSS Hire Group is a leading provider of tools,  equipment and related services in the UK and  Ireland. Our nationwide network ensures easy  access to an extensive range that has grown to  include specialist capabilities including power  solutions business, ABird and powered access  provider, UK Platforms. Focused on delivering Safety, Value, Availability and Support,  we work predominantly with ‘business-to-business’ customers  in the ‘fit-out’, maintain and operate sectors. We are dedicated  to helping them all work safely, efficiently and cost-effectively. Our team of HSSers are the reason we are able to deliver a hire  experience that, we believe, is the best in the industry so we are  committed to making sure they have the skills and support they  need to flourish. We take a responsible approach to the way we conduct all  business activities and we are ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS  18001, CHAS and SafeHire Certified.  We are delighted to share our story with you. Our network:  UK and Ireland During 2017 we closed a  number of branches across  the network due to lower  Rental revenue growth  and a loss of focus on  our Tool Hire business.  We now have branches in more than  250 locations, and following recent  network reconfiguration changes,  we will now be able to provide a  greater availability of services to our  customers across the UK and Ireland.  This will include the expansion of test  and run into all HSS branches and  customer distribution centres (CDCs)  and more intensive repair into a  number of strategically located  workshop CDCs. In addition the  workshop CDCs will link to a national  cross dock centre in Oxford that will  enable the overnight movement kit  to service our customers delivery  requirements between all of our  CDCs in England and Wales. Other B2B accounts     Key accounts Cash  % by revenue 40 7 52 Key accounts £135.8m Other B2B accounts £175.9m Cash accounts £24.1m Sales £335.8m Locations >250 HSS Hire Group plc  Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 2 3 Our products  Core businesses Provides an extensive range of tools and equipment for hire  across over 1,600 product lines. Our sourcing division works with over 300 approved hire  partners, providing a range of specialist equipment. Offers training on over 260 industry-accredited courses  throughout the UK and Ireland through one of our Centres  of Excellence. Specialist businesses Specialist powered access providers operating on a national  basis, supplying the latest technology in access platforms to  the construction, facilities management and service sectors.  Our specialist generator hire businesses are leading  providers of temporary power equipment and operate  throughout the UK. Operating on a national basis, specialising in the supply and  installation of temporary, large-scale heating and cooling  equipment across a wide range of business sectors. Our values Across the business we have committed employees who live our core values, they are  how we do business. They support the delivery of our culture and strategy throughout  the organisation. Safety Availability Value Support Safety is our priority and we work hard to ensure  the safety of our customers and the equipment  we hire to them as well as supporting their own  progress towards ‘Zero Harm’ and ‘Target Zero’  goals. We drive safer product design throughout  our supply chain – such as the unique anti- entrapment system Activ’Shield on our UK Platform  diesel booms – and we ensure that every single bit  of kit is robustly maintained and tested through  strictly controlled processes before every hire so  it is always safe to use. Our dedicated training  division, HSS Training, offers over 260 industry- recognised technical and safety courses that cover  equipment operation and safe working practices.  Making sure our customers have ready availability  of the kit they need, when and where they need   it is key to our service offering, enabling us to  guarantee that they can order by 7pm and get by  noon the next day. We have a multi-channel offer  that includes online and call centre ordering for  delivery or collection as well as a strategically  positioned branch network, stocked with the  most popular kit ready to take away.  To make sure our customers receive value from  their hire, we work with them to drive