 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 We monitor the highest grossing casinos  in Las Vegas, New York, and Singapore. Gaming is one of the most technically demanding, highly regulated  leisure industries in the world. Monitoring vast, crowded facilities in  low-light conditions where massive amounts of cash constantly  changes hands creates a distinctive and challenging surveillance  environment for our clients. We have a deep and unique  understanding of our clients’  issues and challenges.  And, we draw on this to create solutions they can  rely on completely – giving them peace of mind  by securing the people, assets, and livelihoods  that they are responsible for protecting. We secure 60% of the UK’s   nuclear power stations. Our commercial and public sector customers require sophisticated  yet user-friendly solutions to protect critical infrastructure, often  in large scale, operationally difficult environments, which present  great technical complexity. serving 55  countries Introduction 03 Synectics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Introduction 04 Synectics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement Overview Last year saw the 30th anniversary of the start-up of Synectics.  This landmark provided the occasion not only to celebrate the  achievements of all those who have helped to build Synectics  into a successful technology business, from the founders to our  current apprentices, but also to reflect on what has changed  and what endures. I am pleased to say that during my engagement across the  various parts of the business in 2017 I found a high degree of  alignment around the enduring purpose and values of Synectics;  I won’t repeat these, since they are set out in detail elsewhere,  suffice it to say here that the core elements are, and have been  for 30 years, value to customers and innovation. I believe these  will remain the foundation for a sustainable and prosperous  future for the Company. During the 2016/17 financial year the Group’s results continued to  reflect the impact of the 2015 collapse in global oil & gas prices on  one of our largest customer sectors. Management has taken action  to maintain profitability in that area by reducing costs, and delivered a  very creditable increase in operating margin in our oil & gas activities  last year. The Board remains convinced that the right course is to  preserve the critical capability that underlies our leading market  position in the sector, and indeed to focus on positioning the business  to gain market share once the recovery is underway. We believe the  right balance has been struck in the interests of long-term value. Other underlying factors that influenced our results include a  global gaming market that remained buoyant, increased demand  from infrastructure customers, such as utilities, data centres and  transport hubs, and a sharp decline in new bus deliveries in the UK. Against that background, the Board is pleased with the performance  of the Company for 2016/17, which was in line with our expectations. We expect the trend of growing profitability of our business  operations to continue in the current financial year. In addition,  opportunities have been identified for innovative development  of our core product set, using emerging technology applications  being introduced in other fields to expand Synectics’ offerings  to its current markets. Consistent with our growth strategy,  the Board has authorised a significant increase in research  & development expense to capitalise on those opportunities.  The increased expense for this investment means that the  Board’s current expectations are for reported profits in 2017/18  to be broadly flat compared to last year. Further detail is set  out in the Outlook section below. Results For the year to 30 November 2017, Synectics’ consolidated  revenue was £70.1 million (2016: £70.9 million). This reflected  a reduction in gaming sector revenue following the exceptionally  high level achieved in 2016, lower than expected revenues in  UK transport, offset with progress in infrastructure projects  and integrated systems. An improvement in operating margins across both of the Group’s  divisions led to a 15% increase in underlying profit before tax 1  to  £3.0 million (2016: £2.6 million). There were no material non-underlying  costs in the year, so statutory profit before tax was also £3.0 million  (2016: £2.0 million). Underlying diluted earnings per share were 15.2p  (2016: 12.4p) and diluted earnings per share were 15.1p (2016: 8.8p).  On a constant currency basis 2 , these results benefited directly by  around £0.2 million from the impact of the depreciation of sterling  across the year on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. However,  this translation benefit was partially offset by corresponding increases  in the sterling costs of US dollar-denominated components used  in our systems sold in the UK. The Group’s balance sheet continued to strengthen, with net  cash at 30 November 2017 of £3.8 million (2016: £2.2 million).  The consolidated firm order book at year end was £24.4 million  (2016: £26.2 million). Dividend The Board is recommending payment of an increased final  dividend of 3.0p per share (2016: 2.0p), payable on 4 May 2018  to shareholders registered on 3 April 2018, for approval by  shareholders at the Company’s Annual General Meeting  to be held on 26 April 2018. For 30 years, the core elements of Synectics’  purpose and values have been value to customers  and innovation. I believe these will remain the  foundation for a sustainable and prosperous  future for the Company.”  David Coghlan  Chairman 05 Synectics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Introduction People I would like once again to pass on the Board’s sincere thanks to  Synectics’ employees at all levels. This is an organisation with a culture  of high expectations for commitment