 The forward-looking statements disclaimer can be found on page 263. CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 Strategic report Group at a glance Our business is delivered  through our key brands … CYBG operates through the retail and commercial banks  Clydesdale Bank, established in 1838 in Glasgow,  Yorkshire Bank, founded in 1859 in Halifax, and through   the digital banking service B, created in 2016. … and distributed through   our omni-channel model Our omni-channel model is focused on delivering an   improved service across every channel where we serve   and support our customers. Our strong and growing digital offering, combined with the  branch network, contact centre and extensive broker channel,  provides an enviable position from which to grow our business. To achieve our objectives, we are streamlining our front and   back office, investing in our digital platform to accelerate   the adoption of mobile and online tools and increasing  in-branch automation. … underpinned by our three  strategic priorities … Drive sustainable customer growth by investing to broaden the franchise across our target  segments and core regions while enhancing the customer  experience. Improve efficiency by making our network, operations and organisation more  efficient and agile for staff and customers. Capital optimisation by securing Internal ratings-based (IRB) accreditation and  deploying our capital to support our business ambitions while  balancing risk and reward. Our significant scale 2.7m customers £32bn loans £28bn deposits 169 retail branches Strategic report Governance Financial results Risk report Financial statements Additional information 3 CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017   2017 highlights Delivering sustainable  customer growth +7.5%  mortgage lending annual growth +5.9%  SME core lending annual growth Stable   net interest margin   (NIM) 2.27%    Improving efficiency 7.4%  reduction in underlying costs Positive  jaws First statutory profit   in over 5 years £182m  statutory profit Strongly capitalised 12.4%  Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio Improving returns 7.5%  underlying Return on Tangible Equity  (RoTE) Inaugural dividend  recommended   by the Board 1.0  pence per share Note: the key performance indicators (KPIs) used by management in monitoring the Group’s performance and reflected  throughout this section are determined on a combination of bases (including statutory, regulatory and alternative  performance measures), as detailed in the Glossary on page 253. CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 5 Strategic report Governance Financial results Risk report Financial statements Additional information Strategic report Chairman’s statement 2017 was another year of strong progress for  CYBG, with good momentum in the execution of  the three pillars of our strategic plan – sustainable  customer growth, efficiency and capital optimisation  – and with it the successful delivery of our financial  targets for 2017. The hard work of the Board, the  Executive Leadership Team and all of our colleagues  means I am pleased to be able to reiterate our  medium-term guidance with renewed confidence.  The Group’s successful delivery this year means  that I am pleased to announce that the Board is  recommending the payment of our inaugural dividend  of 1.0 pence per share. Since the Initial Public  Offering (IPO) we have talked about being a dividend  paying stock and this proposed dividend represents  a landmark event in the process of transforming  CYBG into a bank that generates and distributes a  sustainable return on its equity to shareholders. The  continued delivery of our strategy should help us to  build on this firm foundation as we move forward. As well as their commitment to our customers, I am  very proud of the way my colleagues support the  communities in which we operate. Almost 7,000  volunteering hours were undertaken during 2017  and, with matching through our charity foundation,  we have raised over £5.8m for our charity partner  Hospice UK among a number of other initiatives.  Economic conditions in the UK remain muted  but, for the moment at least, stable. Despite the  uncertainty surrounding Brexit negotiations and  increased inflation causing real wage deflation,  we have not seen a deterioration in the quality of  our assets and we remain focused on delivering  sustainable growth within our prudent risk appetite. I would like to thank all of our colleagues, the  Executive Leadership Team and the Board for  their continued dedication and commitment to  the transformation of CYBG. I would also like to  personally thank Richard Gregory who left the Board  in January for his contribution over many years.  Our performance in 2017 represents a significant  achievement. It is only the first step in delivering our  three-year plan. We therefore remain focused on  executing the strategy we outlined at our Capital  Markets Day in September 2016, in order to deliver  an exceptional customer experience for our  personal and SME customers and sustainable  returns to our shareholders.   Jim Pettigrew Chairman 20 November 2017  I am pleased to report on another  year of strong progress for CYBG as  we continue to execute our strategy   to create the only credible alternative  Underpinned by omni-channel delivery CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 7 Strategic report Governance Financial results Risk report Financial statements Additional information  Whether it is prototyping new  technologies, opening our first  consumer innovation lab, Studio B,  or collaborating with Fintech partners  with the development of our new  small business e-lending solution,  we are building a bank focused on  a differentiated customer experience  that will put customers more in  control of their money.  I am delighted to report that we have maintained 