 Company accounts 144    Other Five year record 150 Shareholder information 153 PRICE REPORTING:   A 3.0 INFORMATION BUSINESS  Three years ago Metal Bulletin published a  story about fictitious copper and aluminium sales  which resulted in the price for Shanghai bonded- warehouse copper dropping by a fifth. Recognising  the need for a robust price, Metal Bulletin launched  a Shanghai copper price which has since become  an important benchmark, so much so that the  Chicago Mercantile Exchange has launched a  derivative contract which will be settled using  Metal Bulletin’s price. This price will provide the  market with a hedging option for copper sold  to China, the world’s largest consumer of the  commodity, and generate additional revenues  for our price-reporting business. It illustrates the  close relationship between news and prices, as  well as highlighting the potential for our price-  reporting businesses to establish more benchmarks  for use by buyers and sellers and on exchanges.  01 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC Strategic report Euromoney AR2017 Strategic-Proof 6.indd   1 13/12/2017   12:11:48 INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR:  INVESTING IN NEW SEGMENTS By investing in and launching FinTech  capital placement platforms, Institutional  Investor (II), celebrating its fiftieth  anniversary in 2017, is accelerating its  transition towards becoming a B2B 3.0  information business. By broadening  its product suite, II has pivoted away from  its traditional publisher status to a business  where over 80% of its revenues are derived  from non-publishing activities. II has  invested in its proprietary ManagerMatch  platform, helping investors find fund  managers more efficiently and it is designed  to become an integral part of investors’  manager diligence and selection processes.  The Group also increased its investment  in Zanbato, a Silicon Valley tech company  whose mission is to create greater liquidity  in private markets by developing a  pioneering electronic Alternative Trading  System, ZX, focused on providing exchange- like functionality to institutional trading  of blocks of private securities. These are  examples of investments to capitalise  on the technological changes that will  transform capital placement in the asset  management industry.  EVENTS: ACQUIRING TO EXPAND  INTO NEW MARKET SEGMENTS At the Investor Day in March 2016 we  outlined the potential of telecoms as one  of our big investment themes because of a  rapidly expanding market and the ability to  develop new products and services around  our TelCap business. We have chosen to buy  (rather than build) to move into adjacent  markets to TelCap and as a result invested  in BroadGroup and Layer 123. BroadGroup organises data-cloud events  and specialist advisory services. Its primary  event, DataCloud Europe, is held annually  in Monaco and brings together leading  carriers, data-centre providers, cloud- storage providers and systems integrators  to develop business and to network.  Layer123 organises leading network- innovation events around Software- Defined Networks and Network Functions  Virtualisation in Europe and America.  In addition, Layer123 delivers content to  its large community of network-strategy  professionals.  1. Strategic report Group at a glance 04 Chairman’s introduction 06 Market overview 08 CEO’s statement 10 Group Management Board 13 Business model 14 Our strategy 16 Key performance indicators 18 Segment review 20 Corporate and social responsibility 24 Operating and ﬁnancial review 26 Risk management 33 Strategic  report Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 Euromoney AR2017 Strategic-Proof 6.indd   2 13/12/2017   12:11:50 Our ambition is to  generate consistent  and meaningful  returns for our  shareholders at  relatively low risk. Andrew Rashbass CEO INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR:  INVESTING IN NEW SEGMENTS By investing in and launching FinTech  capital placement platforms, Institutional  Investor (II), celebrating its fiftieth  anniversary in 2017, is accelerating its  transition towards becoming a B2B 3.0  information business. By broadening  its product suite, II has pivoted away from  its traditional publisher status to a business  where over 80% of its revenues are derived  from non-publishing activities. II has  invested in its proprietary ManagerMatch  platform, helping investors find fund  managers more efficiently and it is designed  to become an integral part of investors’  manager diligence and selection processes.  The Group also increased its investment  in Zanbato, a Silicon Valley tech company  whose mission is to create greater liquidity  in private markets by developing a  pioneering electronic Alternative Trading  System, ZX, focused on providing exchange- like functionality to institutional trading  of blocks of private securities. These are  examples of investments to capitalise  on the technological changes that will  transform capital placement in the asset  management industry.  EVENTS: ACQUIRING TO EXPAND  INTO NEW MARKET SEGMENTS At the Investor Day in March 2016 we  outlined the potential of telecoms as one  of our big investment themes because of a  rapidly expanding market and the ability to  develop new products and services around  our TelCap business. We have chosen to buy  (rather than build) to move into adjacent  markets to TelCap and as a result invested  in BroadGroup and Layer 123. BroadGroup organises data-cloud events  and specialist advisory services. Its primary  event, DataCloud Europe, is held annually  in Monaco and brings together leading  carriers, data-centre providers, cloud- storage providers and systems integrators  to develop business and to network.  Layer123 organises leading network- innovation events around Software- Defined Networks and Network Functions  Virtualisation in Europe and America.  In addition, Layer123 delivers content to  its large community of network-strategy  professionals.  Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC 03 Strategic report Euromoney AR2017 Strategic-Proof 6.indd   3 13/12/2017   12:11:51 Group at a glance The