 Company information  116 Hollywood Bowl Group is the UK’s largest  ten-pin bowling operator. We inspire customers to become loyal fans  of our brands by providing a fun-filled, safe  and great value entertainment experience  that surprises and delights them on every visit. We build our teams with the most energetic  and engaging individuals who share our  values and are proud to be part of our culture.  In return, we provide them with a fun and  supportive environment with opportunities  to develop a rewarding career.  We run our business for the long term  and we drive value for our shareholders by  delivering our growth plans in an effective  and profitable way. cONTENTS Annual Report and Accounts 2017 1 Let the good  times roll 2 hollywood bowl group plc Ten-pin bowling is for everyone. It’s a  game where competition is healthy and  all get to celebrate. We are the UK’s market  leader and the game’s biggest fans. We always look for new ways to improve  our customers’ experience and have invested  in enhancing the bowling environment by  improving the seating and lanes and have  installed VIP lanes for customers who want  to make their experience that extra bit special.  Our proprietary scoring system promotes  healthy competition by allowing us to send  personalised and engaging post-bowling  communications to our customers detailing  their scores and strikes.  Our team members are key to the overall  experience and are on hand to not only take  food and drink orders, but to actively cheer  on our customers’ efforts and are always  ready to celebrate a great score too! bowling 3 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 hollywood bowl group plc bowling Highlights  Rolling out fun nationwide – over 13 million  games bowled in FY2017  VIP lanes now available in 40 centres   New version of our proprietary scoring system now  in 24 centres  Dynamic pricing introduced – flexible pricing based  on demand and incentives based on booking lead-time   Digital VIP lane concept – with action replays – introduced  at our Derby centre  Improved games per stop and ‘Pins on strings’ system  on trial in three centres 50.6% OF REVENUE 5 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 a winning  combination 6 hollywood bowl group plc We make things playful with fun-filled family  focused arcades combining traditional and  cutting-edge games. Our amusement areas  are the perfect place for some additional  competition before or after customers’  games of bowling. There is something for everyone – whether  it’s air hockey and basketball hoops, games  with prizes or the latest state-of-the-art  video games. Our games keepers maintain our arcades  to high operational standards and keep them  well-stocked with the latest must-have prizes. Amusements 7 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 8 hollywood bowl group plc games Amusements Highlights  Over 850 new machine installations with £2.7m capital  investment in FY2017 ensures that we are the ‘go-to’ family  amusement centre  ‘Play for prizes’ now in 37 centres  Creation of a new Hollywood Bowl currency with cashless  amusements on trial in three centres  Virtual reality zones on trial in three centres  Enhanced supplier commercial terms have improved  margins year-on-year 21.6% OF REVENUE 9 Annual Report and Accounts 2017  Com pleti ng th e 10 hollywood bowl group plc Bowling works up an appetite and a thirst  to match, so we lay on a great choice of  quality food and drink for our customers –  be they a family out for the weekend or a  corporate team on an office night out. Our attentive lane hosts can take customer  orders and are complemented by licensed  bars offering a wide range of branded soft  and alcoholic drinks and coffees.  We cater for every budget too, from our  standard menu, primarily in AMF centres,  to a great value, higher-end food offering  with our new Hollywood Diner menu.  As you might guess, there’s a strong  American theme to our décor and menus,  with classics such as burgers, hot dogs  and milkshakes served. Food & drink  Exper i en ce 11 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 12 hollywood bowl group plc IN A WELCOMING  AND A GREAT CHOICE OF drinks ENVIRONMENT Drink 17.7% OF REVENUE Food 9.6% OF REVENUE Highlights  New Hollywood Diner menu and new diner environments  now in 30 centres   Our customers drank 3.5 million soft drinks, 2 million pints  of beer and 700,000 coffees   We served over half a million burgers and portions of fries   Enhanced supplier commercial terms have improved  margins year-on-year Food & drink 13 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 MARKET-LEADING OPERATOR  WITH NATIONAL SCALE With 58 centres, Hollywood Bowl Group  operates a high-quality, well-invested estate  led by an experienced management team SIGNIFICANT MARKET OPPORTUNITY  Current ten-pin bowling penetration, usage  rates and competitive price position in the  leisure sector support future expansion and  organic growth CUSTOMER-FOCUSED  BUSINESS MODEL  With strong customer understanding,  Hollywood Bowl Group is revitalising the ten-pin  bowling experience and driving up engagement  levels and revenue CORE FOCUS ON TEAM  AND CULTURE  Our customer-focused culture promotes  consistent behaviours and attitudes. Our talent  management and incentive programmes  attract, retain and nurture the best people DIVERSIFIED REVENUE STREAMS Bowling accounts for half of Group revenue.  Amusements, food and drink make up  the remainder MULTIPLE LEVERS TO DRIVE  FURTHER GROWTH Our refurbishment programme is delivering  strong returns and excellent customer feedback A strong new centre pipeline is backed by a  disciplined and rigorous