 Group at a glance  Ext raordinary    c a re  Children Services Social care services for children and young people up to the age of 18 Contribution to  Group revenue: 5.2% (2016: 5.8%) Care capacity 2017: 301 (2016: 301) Split by: –  Residential care  of children and  young people –  Family assessments  in the home Foster Care Foster Care is undoubtedly the best care solution  for most “looked after” children. Most children  thrive in foster care where they are supported  within an ordinary family home and with trained  foster carers. CareTech provides for both  mainstream and specialist foster care through  local agencies across the UK. Unusually we  offer a highly respected service for physically  and intellectually disabled children as well as  support for children with sensory impairments.  We provide foster care family assessments and  ongoing support to children who remain with  their birth families and in their family home. Contribution to  Group revenue: 26.4% (2016: 26.2%) Care capacity 2017: 284 (2016: 235) Split by: –  Residential care  of children and  young people –  Education services  for children and  young people Young People Residential Services For a relatively small number of children, residential  care offers a safe and helpful solution for their care  needs and CareTech has developed an extensive  range of highly technical care and education  environments where those children will thrive. Our residential provision offers high staff ratios  and highly skilled carers, capable of ensuring both  safety and progression. These are high cost services  where we aim for an intensive period of care and  a strict timetable that delivers results at a fair price  to commissioners. As far as practicable we aim  to help these children through our therapeutic  care move into a more normalised family style  environment as soon as it is wise to do so. These services are highly intensive operations  with exceptional staff ratios and include on site  or dedicated educational facilities. Learning Services Contribution to  Group revenue: 6.2% (2016: 7.5%) Apprentices 2017: 509 (2016: 564) Split by: –  P r e- em p lo y m en t  programmes –  D e v e lo p m e n t  programmes –  A p p r e n t ic e s hi ps EQL Solutions and Dawn Hodge Associates Since modern apprenticeships started several years  ago we have witnessed a dramatic shift in the way  young people enter the adult workforce. People  are increasingly opting for an apprenticeship as  an alternative to or as well as attending University.  This was especially true of the Care Sector but a  whole new generation of young people are now  looking at the apprenticeship model as their  further training of choice. Through acquisition and the development of  established apprenticeship providers CareTech  has embraced the opportunity to capitalise on  this change and to work closely with government  agencies to improve the quality and skill base of  our national workforce. We have chosen to call our  apprenticeship scheme a Learning Service to reflect  the aspiration of the young people we work with. Although Learning Services provide training across  the whole workforce we have naturally developed  expertise within the very extensive social care sector. Learning services addresses an adult social care  workforce in England of some 1.16m people,  905,000 of whom work within the independent  sector (Skills for Care 2013). There are 17,300 organisations providing  Adult Social Care in England and the majority  of these are operating at far too low a scale  to deliver their own training or apprenticeship  programmes. EQL Solutions and Dawn Hodge  Associates, which received an “Outstanding”  from Ofsted earlier this year, have significant  market presence in social care and are well  positioned to support both smaller companies  as well as corporate providers. The introduction of the apprenticeship levy  has caused a declined in companies offering  apprenticeships. However, the Government has  a target of 3 million apprenticeships by 2020 and  so far in the 2016/17 academic year the number  of people signing up for apprenticeships was  491,300. (Sourced from Gov.UK). Caring every day Since the CareTech Group came to the  AIM market over 12 years ago, it has evolved  through a mix of organic and prudent  acquisitive growth that has led to our current  position as one of the best-established and  reputable national social care providers.  We have national coverage across England,  Wales and Scotland in a highly fragmented UK  social care market. We cover the majority of  the social care spectrum except elderly care. The total market value is estimated (Laing and  Buisson 2017) to be worth £7bn for children  services and £5bn for the care of younger  adults (below 65 years of age) in the learning  disability and specialist services categories.  The private sector share of this market has  developed through successful outsourcing of  services over the last 20 years and this trend is  expected to continue. Local Authorities have  largely protected their budgets for children  and complex younger adults. Strategic Review Governance – – Financial Statements CareTech Holdings PLC – Annual Report and Accounts 2017 3 Quality and expertise Quality is not simply compliance with the requirements of  regulation, although that remains important. Our approach is  to employ well qualified and skilled professionals who can ensure  that we consistently exceed the expectation of our service users,  their families, social workers and commissioners. Placing people in the care of organisations that you can trust The business of