 4 Highlights  ● Revenue: £110 m    (FY 16: £79.0 m, +39.1 %)  ● Underlying EBITDA*: £11.5 m    (FY 16: £8.2 m, +39.9 %)  ● Underlying EBITDA Margin*: 10.5 %    (FY 16: 10.4 %, +10 bps)  ● Underlying Profit Before Tax*: £10.7 m   (FY 16: £7.5 m, +42.0 %)  ● Profit Before Tax: £7.4 m   (FY 16: £6.3 m, +18.7 %)  ● Net Debt: £6.0 m (FY 16: £10.0 m)  ● Net Debt/Underlying EBITDA Ratio*: 0.5 x  ● Underlying Earnings Per Share*: 10.9 p  ● Full year Dividend Per Share: 5.115 p *Items marked with an asterisk are non-GAAP measures.  Definitions and relevant reconciliations are provided in the  'Glossary' section. Underlying measures are calculated after adding back  exceptional items and share based payment charges as referred  to in note 7 to the Financial Statements. REVENUE  £110 m +39.1 % UNDERLYING PROFIT  BEFORE TAX* £10.7 m +42.0 % NET DEBT/UNDERLYING  EBITDA RATIO* 0.5 x Constellation 18 " Suitcase  Cabin Approved Maximum Capacity Case 5 Strategic Report UP Global Sourcing Holdings plc  Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Salter NutriPro 1200 W The Veggie Award Winner 2016 Financial Highlights 4 Strategic Report Chairman’s Introduction 6  Chief Executive’s Review 8  Business Model & Strategy 11  Financial Review 14  Principal Risks & Uncertainties 19  Viability Statement 24  Corporate Social Responsibility 25  Strategic Report  Chairman's Introduction ULTIMATE  PRODUCTS A Year of Substantial Progress I am very pleased to introduce the first annual  report for the Group as a listed business. The  year has been one of substantial progress and  significant change, with a number of exciting  developments taking place across the business,  some of which are mentioned in the Chief  Executive’s Review. Performance & Strategy The Group delivered a strong financial  performance during the year. This was achieved  despite a backdrop of continuing economic  turbulence. The business, along with many  others, faced a number of challenges including  significant cost inflation, the devaluation of  Sterling against major currencies and the  well documented uncertainty around Brexit  negotiations following the General Election.  Ultimate Products' performance is attributable  to a number of factors:  a superb range of  great value core products, new and innovative  products, an excellent supply chain, a strong  and extensive customer base of leading  retailers and, not least, the committed and  talented colleagues that we employ who  deliver our company values every day. We  believe that we offer all of our customers the  best possible products with an overall service  level that is second to none. This powerful  combination is important to customer focused  businesses that require certainty in value,  quality and critically, supply. Over recent years, the Group’s strategy has  been to develop a portfolio of brands focused  on the growing market of value-led consumer  goods for the home. The success of this strategy  is demonstrated by the growth of the business  since FY 14 and in particular the financial metrics  for the last financial year. Our strategy has four key pillars:  1. growing our business with   discount retailers;  2. increasing our penetration in   UK supermarkets;  3. expansion via online channels; and  4. international growth. The Board is confident that our relentless focus  on these objectives will drive long term growth  for the business and its stakeholders. Initial Public Offering On 6 March 2017, the Group was admitted  to the premium segment of the Official  List of the Financial Conduct Authority  and to trading on the Main Market of the  London Stock Exchange plc. This was a  significant step forward for the development  of the business and a substantial achievement  for the management team and staff. We believe   that our listed company status provides the  right platform for the future growth of the  business and further enhances our reputation  with customers and supplier partners. We  www.upgs.com DELIVERING  TOMORROW’S  PRODUCTS TODAY 6 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information UP Global Sourcing Holdings plc  recognise that the future prospects of the  business are reliant on both retaining our very  best talent and recruiting new colleagues to  the business that have the same potential and  attitude as our very best. Accordingly, we are  creating development programmes for rising  stars and have already put in place various  incentive schemes that reward outperformance.  Dividend The Board is committed to a progressive  dividend policy, with an intention to distribute  50 % of the Group’s adjusted profit after tax.  A final dividend is recommended of 3.495 p  per share to give a total dividend of 5.115 p per  share for the full year. The final dividend is payable on 30 January 2018  to shareholders on the register on 5 January 2018. Summary The Board fully believes that our strategy of  developing and building a portfolio of brands  that are focused on mass-market and value-led  consumer goods for the home will create further  value for all our stakeholders, and we are excited  by the Group’s long-term growth prospects. Since the year end, trading conditions have  become more challenging with retailers  taking longer to commit to orders or delaying  purchasing decisions for the current year. This  reflects uncertainty in the market place and in  particular the effect of wage deflation and  food inflation on consumers. Whilst we  believe that in time we will see a return to more  traditional trading patterns our