 Overview Strategic report Governance Results Shareholder information AT A GLANCE AT A GLANCE THE GROUP GAME Digital plc  is the home of GAME  Retail and a growing  portfolio of  ground‑breaking  gaming services  and experiences. What we do, where we do it  UK The majority of the Group’s employees are based in the UK.   UK operations span all areas of the Group’s activities. UK employees 2016: 3,747   3 , 47 2 UK operations Retail Esports and  Events Digital Business activity Spain The Group employs c.1,200 people in Spain. The Group’s Spanish  operations are focused on multichannel retail and esports. Spain employees 2016: 979  1 ,1 9 6 Spain operations Retail Esports and  Events Digital Business activity 02 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 1. 2. 3. 1. 2. 3. Split of Group revenue (%) 1. Core Retail: UK 62.7% 2. Core Retail: Spain 35.6% 3. Events, Esports & Digital 1.7% Our social media audience (m) 1. Core Retail: UK 1.8 2. Core Retail: Spain 0.5 3. Events, Esports & Digital 0.2 03 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 08 Chairman’s Statement  10  Chief Executive’s Officer’s strategic review 2 0  O u r m ar k e tp l a ce 26 Our business model 30 Our strategy 38  Our key performance indicators 41 Our risks and uncertainties 45 Operating responsibly 50 Business review 53 Financial review Strategic report How we performed;  how the market  returned to growth  in the second half;  and where we see  challenges and  opportunity.  Overview Strategic report Governance Results Shareholder information 07 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Our priority remains on the business elements within our  control, delivering on each of the four pillars of our strategy:  — continuing to improve our core UK and Spanish retail  businesses, based around the evolving needs and behaviours  of customers  — expanding the Group’s live and online gaming services  for gamers and publishers   — developing and growing the Group’s digital enterprise services  — optimising organisational efficiency while investing  for the future. At the core of this activity is our drive to reposition the business  to address the changing consumer preferences and behaviours  within our industry, and we are making good progress in  this regard. Over the period, we have rapidly developed our  live gaming operations, opening 18 BELONG gaming arenas;  launched a major new membership scheme in the UK –  ‘GAME Elite’; successfully developed new retail categories  and services; delivered a number of improvements to the  omni-channel customer journey, including an enhanced Click  & Collect service and new Reserve & Collect offer; hosted our  largest ever Insomnia Gaming Festival and doubled sales from  our digital enterprise businesses. Whilst we have continued to invest in the long-term  development of the business, we have also maintained strong  capital discipline and cost control, with significant cost savings  achieved across our UK retail operations in the year. To this end, and on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our  management team and our colleagues, in every region and part  of the business, for their hard work and dedication in driving  forwards our strategy. Performance Despite the strong sales performance in the second half,  up 7.8%, Group revenues fell 3.6% over the year as a whole,  to £782.9 million. As reported, trading conditions in the UK market were  undoubtedly tough in the first six months of the year. Whilst  the arrival of the Nintendo Switch in March 2017 brought new  impetus and growth to our markets, limited supply in the first  few weeks of launch meant we did not achieve our internal  expectations for the UK business. The Spanish market has continued to perform well and  this helped our Spanish retail business deliver a strong  performance, with record sales achieved in the year.  We also achieved excellent growth in our newer Events, Esports  & Digital businesses, although at this time these areas remain  relatively small in the context of the overall Group.  John Jackson Chairman The markets in which we operate remain  both fast-paced and fast-changing,  and whilst the market environment was  once again challenging for our UK retail  business in the year, particularly the first  half, it has been a period of important  strategic progress for the Group, with  strong developments on many fronts.  08 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Balance sheet and capital allocation  A strong balance sheet is a key part of any Company’s  success and the Board is committed to ensuring it continues  to strengthen its position whilst supporting the requisite  investment to transform the Group that will ultimately lead  to sustainable returns to shareholders. After investing  £11.6 million in the business during the year, we ended the  period with a cash position (net of overdrafts) of £47.2 million,  up from £43.1 million last year.  The Board is committed to a dividend policy which reflects  the long-term earnings and cash generation potential of the  Group, after retaining sufficient capital to fund future business  growth. This commitment has seen over £57 million returned  to shareholders by way of ordinary and special dividends since  the Group’s flotation in 2014.  At the time of our half year results in March, the Board  announced a reduction in the interim dividend payment.  This reflected the decision to prioritise investment in BELONG  and the continued UK store optimisation programme, given the  extremely short lease profile of the UK estate. This work has  intensified over the last six