 Highlights of our year Products We manufacture our own products in our specialist facilities  worldwide, as well as sourcing from over 400 partners. This way  we   are   able   to   offer   scientists   the   newest   and   best   research   tools  available globally regardless of source. Customers Our   customers   are   research   scientists   who   need   high   performance  products   with   detailed   technical   specifications.   Our   information-rich  products,   together   with   expert   customer   support   and   fast   delivery,  Chairman’s introduction Strengthened the foundations for growth We   are   confident   that   the   investments   we   are   making   in   our  systems   and   processes,   our   facilities   and   our   teams   will   enable  us to continue to deliver solid growth over the long-term. Our new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system is a  significant investment and is providing a new platform for  the way in which we do business. We have gone live with  a number of modules over the course of the year and are  making progress towards its full implementation in FY 2018. Another   goal   for   us   this   year   was   to   progress   the   development  of our global facilities. Investments have been made to initiate  and complete manufacturing and distribution improvement  related projects in China, the US and the UK. We have completed the hiring of our Executive Leadership  Team and have re-organised the business to create separate  Research & Development and Global Manufacturing &  Supply Chain teams. Our dual growth strategy combines organic in-house  development   with   a   track   record   of   successfully   completing  partnerships and acquisitions. We remain committed to this  strategy and continue to proactively evaluate the landscape  for opportunities which align with our business objectives  and that will provide increased scale. Our team I am grateful for the hard work, enthusiasm and dedication  of all our employees. My thanks to them and to our shareholders  for their ongoing support. I   would   also   like   to   thank   my   current   and   previous   Board  colleagues for their hard work, guidance and oversight  of the business through a successful period of growth and  change.   Gavin   Wood   joined   the   Company   as   CFO-elect   in  July 2016, replacing Jeff Iliffe as CFO and Executive Director  on 12 September 2016. Additionally, Jim Warwick retired  from Abcam and stepped down from the Board on  31 December 2016, and Anthony Martin and Michael Ross  did not seek re-election as Non-Executive Directors at the AGM  in November 2016, leaving the Board on 31 October 2016.  I   am   pleased   to   say   that   over   the   year   we   have   completed  the hiring of our Executive Leadership Team and, as well as  appointing Gavin as our new CFO, we have also added a  Senior Vice President of Technology and a Senior Vice President  of Global Manufacturing & Supply Chain. Governance We are committed to high standards of governance  and continue to comply in all material respects with the  UK Corporate Governance Code, despite it not being a  requirement for an AIM-listed company. In addition, we  operate a robust framework of systems and controls to  maintain high standards throughout the Company. Dividend The Board is proposing a final dividend of 7.355 pence per  share (FY 2016: 6.556 pence per share). Added to the 2017  interim dividend of 2.825 pence per share, this brings the  total dividend for the financial year ended 30 June 2017  to 10.18 pence per share (FY 2016: 8.91 pence per share),  representing an increase of 14.3% over the previous year. Outlook We believe we are well placed to continue to gain  market share from our leadership position in research  antibodies and to continue to make progress in related  markets. We remain confident that we have the right  strategy and the right people to achieve our long-term  goals and build significant value for all our stakeholders. Murray Hennessy Chairman 8 September 2017 5 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Abcam plc Strategic report Core purpose At Abcam we are focused on providing research antibodies  and other research tools to serve life scientists and enable our  consumers to achieve their mission faster. These products allow  research into the role of signalling and regulatory molecules and  proteins in biological pathways, ultimately leading to treatments  for diseases such as cancer and immune deficiency disorders.  Our catalogue includes approximately 112,000 diverse products  and, including our revenues from custom products and licensing,  more   than   40%   of   our   total   revenue   is   now   derived   from   our   in-house  manufactured products and innovation. Creating value