 Highlights * Percentage based on figures in thousands (2017: £55.545m, 2016: £48.509m) **  Constant currency uses prior year weighted average exchange rates to translate current  year foreign currency denominated revenue to give a year on year comparison excluding  the effects of foreign exchange movements. See table in the Financial Review for an  analysis of revenue on page 39. +72% increase in  operating profit  (pre-R&D)   to £7 .4m  (2016: £4.3m) +15% * revenue growth  at constant  currency  **   to £55.5m   (2016: £48.5m) +32% revenue growth  increase in actual  terms to £64. 1m  (2016: £48.5m) 10% compound  annual growth  in net sales   over 18 years £22.1m Cash at 30 June  (2016: £23.4m) 13% Market share  in the Group’s  main European  markets  (2016: 12%) Financial Operational • Commencement of recruitment for pivotal Phase III Pollinex Quattro Birch trial • US Grass MATA programme proceeding well; safety study successfully completed • First patient recruited for Acarovac MPL Phase I trial in Spain • Positive pre-clinical proof of concept trial data announced for Polyvac Peanut 02 Strategic Report What is  Immunotherapy? Immunotherapy is the practice of  administering gradually increasing   doses of an allergen in order to address  the causes of the symptoms of allergy.  It was first carried out almost 100 years  ago and is now in widespread use around  the world. It is sometimes referred to as  ‘allergy vaccination’ or ‘desensitisation’ . Immunotherapy may be given via  different routes including subcutaneous  injections or sublingually. allergytherapeutics.com 03 At a  Glance What makes   us different Our ultra-short course treatments  consist of 4-6 injections over the  course of 3-6 weeks compared  to daily tablets or an average  treatment in the market of a  12-15 course of injections. Our  approach offers the simplicity of  4-6 injections, increased tolerability  and demonstrated efficacy 2 .  Our adjuvant technologies improve  therapies by allowing them to  increase efficacy. We are further  developing this concept in our  specialist business, Bencard Adjuvant  Systems; improving health and  evaluating vaccinations for infectious  diseases and cancer treatments.  Our values have created a culture  based around vision, commitment  and humanity. We take extraordinary  ideas and bring them to market  – enhancing treatments and  transforming people’s lives. Products 1.  Pollinex Quattro 2. Oralvac  3.  Tyrosine S / TU,  4. TyroMILBE Markets 1. Germany 2. Italy 3. Austria 4. Spain 5. Switzerland 1 Zielen S et al., Allergologie 2007 (30) Suppl 1;(S1-8) 2 Patel P , et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol 2014; 133:121-9 6. The Netherlands 7.  UK & Export market 8.  Czech Republic  9. Slovakia 10. Canada and South Korea 5. Acarovac Plus 6.  Third Party Products 7. Diagnostics  8. Pollinex 9. Venomil allergytherapeutics.com 05 At a Glance 8 1 2 7 4 6 5 8 3 9 10 10 Pre-clinical Phase I Phase II Phase III Also available as a  Named Patient Product Pollinex Quattro Grass Pollinex Quattro Birch Pollinex Quattro Ragweed Pollinex Quattro Trees Oralvac Grass, Trees & house  dust mite Acarovac Platform Polyvac Peanut Our reach  Pipeline  59% of our total sales in   the German market.  06 Strategic Report Overview I am pleased to introduce the Group’s   Annual Report & Accounts for the year  ended 30 June 2017 . It has been another   year of strong and consistent performance  across all areas of the Group. The key   areas for value creation remain profitable   growth in European markets, pipeline  advancements and paving the way to   the significant US market.  Chairman’s  Statement Peter Jensen Chairman allergytherapeutics.com 07 Chairman’s Statement “  Allergy Therapeutics’  strategy remains clear  and focused and it is  expected that the  business will continue  to grow and its  portfolio of products  expand in 2018   and beyond.” with our US commercial strategy.  The Grass MATA MPL product  completed the safety study relating  to its higher dose and the Phase  II Grass trial is due to commence  before the end of 2017.  Financially, the Group remains in a  robust position with a strong cash  balance due to strong sales growth,  aided additionally by the weakening  of sterling against the euro. Board Changes There were a number of changes  to the Board during the year. In  February, we welcomed US-based  Jeff Barton who succeeded Jean- Yves Pavée as Abbott Laboratories’  nominated director and, in June,  Thomas Lander, our Board member  with extensive R&D experience,  retired from the Board and Tunde  Otulana was appointed as a new  independent Non-Executive Director.  I thank Jean-Yves and Thomas for  their significant contributions to  the Board during their tenures. Jeff  Barton, who is based at Abbott  headquarters in Chicago and is VP  Licensing and Acquisitions, brings  extensive commercial experience,  especially in the US, which will prove  vital as the Group continues to  execute its global strategy. Tunde  is also based in the US and brings  a wealth of global experience  in clinical and regulatory work,  particularly with the US Food & Drug  Administration (FDA), with whom  he worked for six years earlier in his  career. I am delighted to welcome  Jeff and Tunde to the Board. Governance  The Group endeavours to adopt  best practice, above normal levels  for a company of its size and sector  across the business and it is overseen  by an effective