 58 Company information Eagle Eye at a glance Chief Executive’s review SaaS business model 4. Redemption fee 3. Issuance fee 2. Access fee 1. Implementation fee 1 % % 1 £OFF %OFF OVERVIEW 02 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 03 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 For more information, please visit: www.eagleeye.com How we make money Our competitive advantage 1.  One off implementation fee 2.  Recurring licence fee for access   to Eagle Eye AIR 3.  Per issuance X pence – linked to value 4.  Per redemption 3-5 times issuance 1 Customer uses multiple  issuance channels  and shops/dines in many  locations – online and in  store, receiving multiple  offer types along the way 2 Data is fed into the retailers’  CRM in real-time to analyse  preferences and deliver  insight to target customers  with truly relevant offers 3 Customer receives  offers via mobile,  based on his interests  and saves them to his  digital wallet 4 Retailer can track  customer activity through  to redemption, optimising  campaigns in real-time to  maximise success 5 This process can  happen multiple times  during one shopping trip,  to truly capitalise on the  customer engagement  opportunity AIR AIR Your CRM “Brain” AIR CHANNEL LOCATION REWARD Offer Next best  action Eagle Eye at a glance Our core purpose To allow businesses to create a real-time connection  with their customers Our strategy and progress What we deliver One  platform,  many  products One  customer  view Accurate  reporting Easy to  integrate,  easy to use At scale,  securely   and real-time Omni  issuance,  omni  redemption Win and bring  customers onto   Eagle Eye AIR  Transact driving   higher redemption  volumes through   the platform Deepen relationships  through the use of  additional products  STRATEGY PROGRESS 233 customer count European partnership   with TCC Global £6m raised to capitalise on   market opportunity 60.4m redemption volumes Asda full year impact Brand campaigns through  F&B client base Sainsbury’s transacting  from Q4 175%  tier 1 revenue  20% F&B revenue  Increased transactions  through the platform OVERVIEW 06 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 07 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 For more information, please visit: www.eagleeye.com Our work with TCC supports our  move into the previously unaddressed  European market, providing even greater  international reach. Since signing the  partnership, we have implemented the  core foundations for a solid working  relationship and most importantly  recruited an international team to work  solely with TCC. The joint proposition is  now being actively marketed “TCC Digital  Connect” and taken into TCC’s European  clients. Excitingly, we are engaged and  in discussions with multiple retailers  through the partnership and expect to  accelerate win ratios across Europe.  We expect to see this partnership  develop throughout 2018 and beyond. We are continuing to explore strategic  alliances and partnerships that either  allow us to expedite our win ratio or  extend our reach in the value chain.  This is particularly relevant for our  mid-tier customers who increasingly  want an end-to-end solution. Since Tim’s appointment we have  reviewed our external messaging  to put the consumer at the heart of  what we do. With the benefit of his  retail and consumer experience, our  product marketing has shifted from  being solely focused on our technology  to articulating what we do from the  consumer’s perspective. A project was  kicked off in June 2017 to build on the  work done so far and the new product  marketing positioning is expected  to launch in financial H1 2018. A year of strategic and   operational progress The Board is delighted with the  significant strategic and operational  progress made during the year. As  announced in May 2017, revenues in  the year exceeded our expectations,  increasing by 71%. This positive  outcome has been driven by the  successful execution of our strategy  to win new customers, increase  transactions from existing customers  and deepen our customer relationships.  Off the back of this increased  momentum the Company successfully  completed a placing of new equity in  June 2017. This raised net proceeds of  £5.8m which will be used to accelerate  investments in product development,  infrastructure and marketing resources  to take advantage of the market  opportunity and drive international  expansion. As demonstrated above, the  Company has already begun to invest  these funds in the core areas for growth.  On behalf of the Board, I want to thank  the team for their commitment, hard  work and major steps forward this year  in terms of contract wins, further  developing the platform and enhancing  internal processes to support the next  stage of growth. Outlook  2017 saw us exceed against  management’s original revenue  expectations, put in the foundations for  scale and execute against our growth  strategy. In the year, we experienced  increased demand from all sectors,  resulting in significant new customer  wins, such as John Lewis. We have  seen this momentum continue post  year-end, as demonstrated by the  two-year contract renewal with  Asda, announced in July 2017.  This momentum gives visibility of  revenue for the first quarter for the  financial year ending 30 June 2018  to be at least 32% up on prior year  comparative period at approximately  £3.0m. Most importantly, there is an  expectation that a higher proportion  of revenue will be generated