  1 Operational Highlights  ● Proprietary Genedrive® Hepatitis C (HCV) test  submitted for CE marking   ● Continued positive progress with the US DoD  biohazard identifier programme, including  extension of programme into next phase  ● Successful field trials of Genedrive® aquaculture  testing programme, performed in collaboration  with the Centre for Environment, Fisheries and  Aquaculture Science (Cefas)  ● Disappointing uptake of MTB/RIF assay in India, in  part owing to sample preparation problems  specific to MTB and commercial issues  ● Name change from Epistem Holdings Plc to  genedrive plc and £6m raised from July 2016  placing - strategic focus on  molecular diagnostics  business opportunities Financial Highlights Post Year End  ● CE marking obtained for Genedrive® HCV ID kit  ● Entered into a distribution agreement with Sysmex  Europe for Genedrive® HCV ID kit in the EMEA  region with an initial focus on Africa  ● Entered into the next stage of the US DoD  biohazard programme, worth approximately $1.4m  in development income and a further $0.5m in  product sales all expected to be recognised in the  current financial year  ● £0.6m conditional grant offer from Innovate UK to  fund centrifuge free plasma separation device £5.8m +13.7% Revenue and   other income (2016: £5.1m) £3.2m +3.2% Service Income  (2016: £3.1m)    ● Turnover of £5.8m, up 13.7% (2016: £5.1m)  ● Strong growth in Genedrive® development income  to £2.6m (2016: £2.0m) principally driven by the US  Department of Defense (DoD) biohazard  programme  ● Moderate increase in Service income to £3.2m  (2016: £3.1m)  ● Trading loss improvement to £4.9m (2016: £5.4m)  despite increased Research & Development and  Administrative costs  ● Cash at 30 June 2017 of £5.1m (2016: £1.1m)   post £6.0m equity fund raising in July 2016;   30 September 2017 cash of £4.2 (unaudited)  ● Loss for the year £6.4m, up 8.5% from £5.9m in   the prior year reflecting an impairment charge and  tax credit £2.6m +30.0% Development   Income  (2016: £2.0m) £5.1m +363.6% Cash  (2016: £1.1m)  Page Title at start: Content Section at start: Highlights Strategic Report genedrive plc Annual Report 2017 4 CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT Ian Gilham, Ph.D. Chairman genedrive plc is well  positioned for growth   in the rapidly growing   point of need molecular  testing market. Dear Shareholder I am pleased to report that 2016/17 has seen us make further  progress on our journey to refocus the Company on the  highly attractive opportunities which the Genedrive®  diagnostics platform offers in the rapidly growing market for  decentralised, near patient diagnostic tests. Key Achievements A major focus for the year was the development of our  Genedrive® HCV ID Kit. With the advent of new ‘curative’  direct acting antiviral treatments for Hepatitis C (HCV), there  is a major opportunity to tackle the global burden of the  disease if accurate, decentralised diagnostics can be used  to identify those living with HCV and give them access to  therapy. Our Genedrive® HCV ID Kit was submitted for CE  registration in April 2017 based on excellent performance  data from clinical validation studies. Post year end, I am  delighted that we obtained CE marking, a vital first step to  commercialization. We are also delighted to have entered into a distribution  agreement with Sysmex Europe to target the commercial  HCV opportunity in Africa. The agreement covers the EMEA  region with an initial focus on multiple countries in Africa.  Working together the two companies will focus on securing  the required regulatory approvals and we anticipate  commercial traction during the 2017/18 financial year. Page Title at start: Content Section at start: Chairman’s Statement Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report   genedrive plc Annual Report 2017  5 Other Activities The pathogen detection programme with the US DoD  contributed significantly to the current year revenues and  included shipments of Genedrive® units and assays for field  use testing. Post year end we also received confirmation  that following successful evaluations, the programme will be  entering its next phase, worth $1.4m in development income  and $0.5m in product sales to be recognised in the year to  30 June 2018.  As previously announced, we encountered a specific  sample preparation problem relating to a supplier  component in the MTB/RIF test. An alternative solution had  been successfully tested in Indian laboratories however we  have had difficulty assessing the impact of this through our  commercial partner. In the light of these challenges, we are  considering how best to address the Indian MTB/RIF market  and the broader potential of Genedrive® in this area. As  stated in the trading statement of 13 July 2017, no additional  short term revenues were expected from MTB/RIF in India.  However, the TB market is large and there is significant  potential for Genedrive®. Away from our core human healthcare focus, we enjoyed  success with funded field trials of Genedrive® for white-spot  disease detection in farmed shrimp. The results validated  Genedrive®’s potential as a rapid cost effective system for  disease detection in animals. The Company however  remains focused on the human health market and will only  pursue this opportunity further if a commercial partner can  be identified. With modest investment the Services division continued to  contribute to the Group. Revenues and operating margin  were up on the same period last year. The Board wishes to  see the division divested and discussions are ongoing in  order to pursue that as a strategic aim and thereby secure  additional investment capital for Genedrive®. While we  remain optimistic that an appropriate divestment can be