 Consolidated income statement 118 Consolidated statement of   comprehensive income 119 Consolidated statement of   financial position 120 Consolidated statement of cash flows 122 Company statement of cash flows 124 Statements of changes of equity 125 Notes to the accounts 127 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Glossary of terms 170 Company information 172 Contents (1)  All from continuing operations   NCC Group plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 May 2017 1 NCC AR2017 - proof 8-Front.indd   1 09/08/2017   16:03:40 25546.04    9 August 2017 3:58 PM    Proof Six Introduction  My first statement to shareholders as  Executive Chairman reflects on two  strong but contradictory themes. Firstly,  the past year has been very challenging,  both operationally and financially.  Business performance has fallen short  of expectations, we have outgrown some  of our business processes and controls,  and we have experienced significant  changes to our Board. Equally, and more importantly, it is  already clear that the years ahead  present significant upside opportunities.  Strong value creation will result if we  effectively implement our new strategy  and successfully manage NCC Group  through the transitional period in which  we now find ourselves. Our business is  not broken – indeed it has some notable  strengths, both financial and operational.  We still enjoy significant organic  growth in our core markets and have  a strong balance sheet. Furthermore,  in a constantly evolving and complex  market, our unique market leading skills  and capabilities are keeping us at the  forefront of thought leadership.  This is  recognised by customers, who reward us  with high levels of repeat business. If we  improve our organisation and how we go  to market, we will also see material value  creation. Business performance The financial performance for the year  was clearly disappointing, though in  line with revised expectations. Despite  delivering revenue growth of almost  £35.4m (up 17 per cent), adjusted* EBIT  went backwards to £27 .5m from £39.7m  in the prior year. Operating profit fell  from £1 1.4m in the prior year to a loss  of £53.4m. This outcome reflected a  number of historical weaknesses in our  operating model. Our business performance is shown in  more detail in the Strategic Report on  pages 16 to 57 . Strategic review and  strategic plan Following the trading update on   21 February 2017 , the Board  commissioned a Strategic Review. The  Review focused on three key areas.  Firstly, to develop a better understanding  of our marketplace, our competitors  and our customers. Secondly, to assess  the relative strengths and weaknesses  of NCC Group in the market. Thirdly, to  assess the  value created by the current  portfolio of businesses.  The Review confirmed that our markets  remain attractive and, more importantly,  that customers regard NCC Group as a  very strong competitor in these markets  with a strongly differentiated proposition.  The strong cyber security theme (or  “golden thread”) that runs through the  Assurance Division represents a unique  set of competencies and capabilities  that we can leverage to deliver greater  customer value in a highly complex and  fragmented market. Our sector and  application specific product offerings  are leading edge and our solutions  capabilities are highly valued and sought  after. The Review also confirmed the current  financial logic of the relationship between  Assurance and Escrow. Escrow itself is  an attractive business and provides a  stabilising influence on the Group. *  This is a non-GAAP or Alternative Performance  Measure (APM). Adjusted figures exclude the  amortisation of acquired intangibles, individually  significant items, share-based charges,  the unwinding of discount on deferred and  contingent consideration, the results of the exited  Domain Services business and any associated tax  thereon. NCC Group has a unique  opportunity: we hold  leading positions in  growing markets around  the world, our customers  value us and our workforce  is exceptionally skilled.  However, we need to  change how we organise  ourselves and improve  our internal business  processes. Only by doing  this will we be able to  capture the significant  value available to us  Executive  Chairman’s  statement BUSINESS OVERVIEW 2 www.nccgroup.trust      Stock Code: NCC NCC AR2017 - proof 8-Front.indd   2 09/08/2017   16:03:44 25546.04    9 August 2017 3:58 PM    Proof Six Finally, the Review identified two of the  smaller Assurance businesses that sit  outside the cyber golden thread whose  future would be better served under  alternative ownership. These businesses,  Web Performance and Software Testing,  will be disposed of in due course. Subsequently, we initiated the  development of a new three-phase  Strategic Plan and revised Target  Operating Model in order to underpin our  “go to market” and delivery strategies.  In the next 12 to 24 months, we intend  to focus more of our efforts on internal  self-help measures than has been the  case historically. This should ensure that we reverse  the margin compression seen in both  trading divisions and across most  territories in the last two years. The  Group will then benefit from further  organic growth with foundations built  on scalable products and business  processes. These new foundations will  also significantly enhance our ability to  leverage acquisition related growth when  the Group returns to being acquisitive.  Acquisition activity, if any, is therefore  likely to be limited during this period to  smaller “bolt-ons”.