 56 Shareholder information Operational and strategic highlights • Customer wins included a major logistics company and a global  media brand • Deepening partnership with Genpact, a leading Global BPO firm • Strategic partnership with Dun & Bradstreet to provide self-service  data and analytics to procurement professionals • Microsoft Data Platform of the Year finalist in October 2016 • Expansion of product suite with an innovative data reporting  solution developed for financial services client • Further development of our HR Analytics product suite • New tools and functionality added to the RAPid platform • Development of Group’s strategy to focus on growth through  acquisition and organically Financial highlights • Group revenues at £3,588,741 (2016: £3,869,050) • EBITDA loss improved by £391,312 to £1,939,293 (2016: £2,330,605) • Loss before tax reduced to £1,963,057 (2016: £2,374,821) • Net cash of £284,833 (2016: £1,858,841) • Subscription revenue remains strong • Continued tight financial and operational management delivered  a lower cash burn and loss than the previous year AT A GLANCE / OUR MARKETS 02  / Rosslyn Data Technologies plc / Annual report and accounts 2017 The true value of data  is being recognised. Being able to visualise data isn’t enough today. Senior executives need to be  able to look into the future. This is why business and IT leaders are actively  searching for new technologies that deliver more insight, and faster.  For organisations to survive, business transformation must be prioritised. With its growing capabilities, following the acquisition of Integritie  in May 2017, Rosslyn Data Technologies is well positioned to become the go-to company for organisations seeking to accelerate business  outcomes by creating new opportunities from data. Welcome to the world of intelligent event-driven analytics. Rosslyn Data Technologies has built a powerful platform that provides more than just  business insight; the data used by customers for reporting and analysis automatically informs users of what decisions must be taken next.  Data challenges facing decision-makers How Rosslyn helps decision-makers  Fragmented data Structured and unstructured data in one database  Poor data quality Cleansed and enriched data for reporting and analysis Limited data control Integrated reporting and analytics with self-service tools  Delayed time to action Event-driven alerts and automated business processes One-off data usage Feed and host business applications with data from RAPid Rosslyn Data Technologies offices Partner locations 44% see data as a   strategic asset 23% of businesses closely  align their strategy  with data STRATEGIC REPORT  03 Our solutions are more flexible than traditional IT systems, reducing  deployment time, requiring less storage space and having a high  processing capacity. Both small and large enterprises are major  adopters of cloud analytics and the Directors expect this trend  to continue for the next few years. The overall cloud analytics market stands with a total revenue of  $7.5bn in 2015, and is expected to grow to $23.1bn at a compound  annual growth rate (CAGR) of 25.1% from 2015 to 2020. The growth in data is well documented with the majority of industry  analysts pointing towards exponential growth in consumer, M2M,  mobile and enterprise data while industry players are basing their  business models on 5–10x growth in volume of data over the next  five years. The Directors believe that the enterprise user base is increasingly  recognising the return on investment from analysing their data. IDC estimates that around one third of data by 2020 will  be ‘‘useful data if tagged and analysed’’ . This equates to  approximately 13,000 exabytes compared with total big  data today of approximately 5,000 exabytes. The true value of data Embracing the concept of “Fail fast,  1 3 2 06  / Rosslyn Data Technologies plc / Annual report and accounts 2017 Our aim now is to establish the platform as  a significant player in cloud-based analytics,  delivering far more than the “Spend”  environment we have focused on for the  last three years.” John O’Hara, Chairman Results The financial year to 30 April 2017 was our  third full year as a public company for Rosslyn  Data Technologies plc after the listing on AIM in  April 2014. The platform we have built over the  last three years has received significant accolades  this year, culminating in receiving a Microsoft  Data Platform of the Year finalist accreditation  in October 2016, confirming our belief that the  progress we have made in developing a  cloud-based solution is significant. This year, growing both our partnerships and our  direct sales client base has been both challenging  and rewarding. We deployed a significant element  of the IPO funds into our partnership, sales and  marketing strategies, whilst ensuring we did  not miss any developments that would enable  the business to transform to profitability and  organic cash generation. As previously reported,  the progress this year was not as rapid as we  would have liked; Brexit, the US presidential  election and difficult trading times for some of  our Partners and clients has led to a  slowdown in the delivery of some larger  contracts. Group revenue £3.6m (2016: £3.9m).  Despite this we have been able to manage  our cost base and we are now able to see  a timeline when cash flow break-even and  profitability occur; although we are not yet  complete, we believe there is a strong chance  of this occurring this new financial year.  We ended the year with net cash balances  of £0.3m (2016: £1.9m). Following the share  placement on 15 May 2017, the Board believes  that we have adequate cash resources to  take the Group through to break-even and  cash generation. Strategy The Group’s strategy has developed from last  year with the appointment of Roger Bullen as  CEO;