 and inspiring partner for our customers. Conviviality Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017       1 Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Conviviality is unique in our sector. We provide for our customers,  access to over 14,000 alcohol SKUs and 6,400 impulse, food and  tobacco SKUs. We serve c.25,000 outlets in the On Trade, over 700  retail stores trading under the propositions of Bargain Booze, Select  Convenience and Wine Rack, over 400 independent specialists and are  a supplier to the supermarket multiples. Operational highlights Revenues nearly doubled to  £1,560m and profits 2  doubled  to £60.9m Buying Synergies for FY17  achieved to plan  Acquired the Bibendum PLB  Group  on 20  May 2016, which  is   performing   in line  with our  expectations Combined Integration plan  ahead of expectations for  both   Matthew Clark  and   Bibendum PLB Group New   team and  organisational  structure in place and  working  well Conviviality Retail,  Conviviality Direct and  Conviviality Trading have all  traded  strongly with revenues   of £378m, £1,040m and  £146m respectively and are   in line  with   expectations  Retail LFL’s 4  continue to  improve to (1.0%) 23   Franchisees  have grown   their portfolios during the  period Financial highlights Revenue 1  £m £1,560m Increase of 85% 1  from 2016 Adjusted EBITDA 2  £m £60.9m Increase of 102% from 2016 Profit before tax £m £22.5m Increase of 147% 1  from 2016 Diluted EPS £p 10.4p Increase of 136% from 2016 Adjusted diluted EPS 3  £p 21.0p Increase of 48% from 2016 1. Includes the full year revenue and profit of Matthew Clark and the revenue and profit of Bibendum PLB Group from the date  of acquisition. Alternative performance measures 2. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, exceptional items, share based payments and fair value of foreign  exchange derivatives. This is reconciled to ‘profit before tax’ in note 3. 3. Profit before tax, exceptional items, amortisation of acquisition intangibles and fair value of foreign exchange derivatives less  tax at the effective rate, divided by fully diluted weighted average shares in issue. 4. Retail like for like sales are the retail sales made by Franchisee and Company owned stores that have traded continually  during FY16 and FY17 under the same ownership. 2 Conviviality Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Chairman’s Statement The culture we have created in the business and the structures that we operate give  us huge confidence for our future. Conviviality is a business whose strength lies in the combined skills and expertise  of the enlarged group, “One Conviviality”, a business where the whole is greater  than the sum of the parts and that has the firm foundations in place from which  to grow.  We look back on a year of unprecedented change politically and economically.  Our business has also undergone unprecedented change throughout the past  year. Following the acquisition of Matthew Clark on the 7th October 2015,  Conviviality acquired Bibendum PLB Group on 20th May 2016, creating a one  stop shop drinks solution for our customers and providing an opportunity to  undertake a single integration programme. This integration has resulted in a full  restructuring of the business, from a programme to generate significant buying  synergies, the development of one Group Wine Buying team, to the development  of the Group Logistics function. The acquisition of Bibendum PLB Group has  enhanced the Group with additional wine expertise, access to the premium  On Trade, particularly in London, and significant capability in consumer insight  across the alcohol sector.  I am proud that, against this backdrop the teams in all of the business units have  stayed on track in integrating the business and ensuring that, first and foremost,  our customers see the passion for their success and growth regardless of size of  business and continue to benefit from the expertise of the combined group. As  the UK economic and political environment remains uncertain, we believe that  Conviviality has the flexibility to succeed through our unique model spanning  both the On and Off Trade. The Group is now structured into three Business Units: Conviviality Direct  (wholesaler & distributor to On Trade) led by Mark Aylwin; Conviviality Retail  (for Off Trade consumer businesses Bargain Booze, Select Convenience and  Wine Rack) led by David Robinson; and Conviviality Trading (an innovative  and dynamic approach to sourcing, ranging, brand building, merchandising,  activation and events) led by James Lousada. Each of the business unit Managing  Directors ensures their operation has the best people in the right place to deliver  excellent service to customers and drive collaborations and savings across the  Group. The Business Units are supported by the expertise of the Group functions  of Logistics, Finance, Legal, IT and Human Resources. We believe that the recent  acquisitions and new structure have resulted in Conviviality being well positioned  in our market with a robust business model that provides a unique positioning  with both our suppliers and our customers.  The successful delivery of our strategy will depend on having great talent in  the business in every area. We continue to invest significantly in training our  colleagues and, in addition, we strengthen from outside of the Group where  appropriate. In FY17 David Robinson joined us to head up Conviviality Retail  and both David and Mark Aylwin (Managing Director, Conviviality Direct) were  invited to join the Plc Board.  On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank everyone working in our business  for their passion, commitment and customer focus that has made it possible