 WHAT’S IN THIS REPORT? 02 MARKS AND SPENCER GROUP PLC STRATEGIC REPORT AT A GLANCE Making every food moment special is the  aim of our Food business, which accounts  for 60% of our UK turnover. Through the  innovation, quality and choice that we off er,  customers know they can come to us for  every occasion, whether it is healthy cooking  ideas, delicious meals from around the world  or convenient food on-the-go. We sell food  through 942 UK stores, including 253 owned  and 383 franchise Simply Food stores. We sell beautifully designed, high quality,  own-brand clothing and homeware through  343 full-line stores, Outlets and our  M&S.com website. Our Womenswear,  Menswear, Kidswear, Lingerie, Beauty and  Home products account for 40% of our UK  turnover. With our focus on contemporary  style and wardrobe essentials, we are the  UK’s biggest clothing retailer by value.  We are also the market leader in Womenswear,  Lingerie and Menswear.  £5.6bn FOOD REVENUE CLOTHING & HOME REVENUE 1,600 24% of range NUMBER OF NEW LINES 20.5m +0.5m NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS £3.8bn +2.7% FULL-PRICE SALES  24.6m -0.1m NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS OUR BUSINESS FOOD CLOTHING & HOME  Read more on p23 Read more on p23 +4.2% -2.8% 03 ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017 OUR BUSINESS OUR PERFORMANCE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS We export the best of M&S Clothing &  Home and Food around the world, with stores  across Europe, Asia and the Middle East.  We also have a growing international online  business. Following a strategic review of  our International business, we are focusing  on our established joint venture and  franchise partnerships and operating fewer  wholly-owned markets. In January 2007, we launched Plan A to  address the key environmental, social and  ethical challenges facing M&S. After ten years  and two further updates, Plan A continues  to lead the sustainable business agenda.  This year we are launching a new set of  commitments which have been developed  to transition Plan A into a new way of working  and engaging with our customers.  A £1.2bn INTERNATIONAL REVENUE 454 55 -3 - 1 4 n e t  new stores INTERNATIONAL STORES TERRITORIES PLAN A INTERNATIONAL 107 TOTAL PLAN A 2020 COMMITMENTS 1 COMMITMENTS CANCELLED 64 COMMITMENTS ACHIEVED 6 COMMITMENTS NOT ACHIEVED 25 COMMITMENTS ON PLAN 11 COMMITMENTS BEHIND PLAN  Read more on p24 marksandspencer.com/plana2017 +1 0.7% 04 MARKS AND SPENCER GROUP PLC STRATEGIC REPORT OVERVIEW This is my last Annual Report as Chairman  after more than six years at M&S. It has  been an extraordinary honour to serve  this company.  Since Steve Rowe became Chief Executive,  he has set out clear plans to accelerate the  pace of change across M&S. By simplifying  the way we do things and by focusing on the  customer, we have laid solid foundations  for growth. We repositioned our Clothing &  Home business, made important decisions  about the future shape of our UK and  International store estates, and put in place  fairer pay and beneﬁ ts for our employees.  It has been a year of great change outside  M&S as well. Last summer’s vote to leave  the European Union has caused inevitable  uncertainty. Nobody yet knows what the  long-term eff ect of Brexit will be. Like many  businesses we have been impacted by the  depreciation of sterling, but it is our job to  seize the opportunities ahead and prepare  for all eventualities.  We have made some hard decisions. Some  have led to signiﬁ cant adjustments to our  proﬁ ts this year and also, in the case of  repositioning our Clothing & Home business,  to some short-term reduction in our  adjusted proﬁ ts. However, these changes  needed to be made for the long-term  health of the business. Decisive action and  strong execution have never been more  important to compete in a fast-changing  retail environment. These actions allow us  to embrace the future from a position of  strength, well equipped for a digital age  and with a sustainable business model.  PERFORMANCE I believe our food is, without exaggeration,  among the best in the world. Once again,  we delivered a good performance in a  tough market. Sales grew as customers  responded to the quality of our food and  the convenience of our stores. We are very  pleased with the overall performance of  the Simply Food stores opened during  the year. The return on capital from the  format remains compelling. With product  innovation remaining the backbone of our  Food business and a strong, but measured,  store opening programme, we have a clear  path to growth. We repositioned our Clothing & Home  business for sustainable growth by ending  a damaging cycle of promotions and  discounts. We also refocused our ranges on  stylish, wearable, great-quality essentials.  By implementing a sensible, competitive  pricing architecture for our customers,  we have seen encouraging improvements  in full-price sales. As expected, fewer  promotions and less discounting resulted  in lower sales. There is much work still to  do but we are beginning to see signs of  recovery. Steve made it clear a year ago  that this repositioning would have a short- term negative impact on proﬁ ts but would  set us up for sustainable performance and  a stronger business in the long term. A year  on, we are even clearer that this was the  right thing to do.  Our International business had a  challenging year. However, we announced  a clear strategy to focus on our strong  franchise partnerships and our established