 2 Strategic report QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Revenue £169.6m 2016: £139.3m 41% 33% 15% 11%  QinetiQ North America  EMEA Products  OptaSense  Space Products Global Products Delivers innovative solutions and products  to meet customer requirements. Undertakes  contract-funded research and development,  developing intellectual property in  partnership with key customers and  through internal funding with potential  for new revenue streams. EMEA Services £613.5m FY17 annual revenue 5,301 FY17 total employees Global Products £169.6m FY17 annual revenue 853 FY17 total employees QinetiQ North America What we do Develop and manufacture innovative defence  products specialising in unmanned systems,  survivability and maritime systems, along with  products in related commercial markets. Revenue c. £70m Key sites Waltham, Massachusetts; Pittsburgh,  Pennsylvania; and Virginia, USA.  OptaSense What we do Provide innovative fibre sensing solutions   to deliver decision-ready data in multiple  vertical markets. Revenue c. £25m Key sites Farnborough, Winfrith, Portishead, UK;  Houston, USA; Calgary, Canada and  Dubai, UAE.  Space Products What we do Provide small satellites, payload instruments,  sub-systems and ground station services. Revenue c. £20m Key sites Farnborough, UK and Antwerp, Belgium.  EMEA Products What we do Provide research services and bespoke  technological solutions developed from  intellectual property spun out from EMEA  Services. QinetiQ Target Systems is reported  in EMEA Products. Revenue c. £55m Key sites Farnborough, Malvern, Haslar and Ashford,  UK and Medicine Hat, Canada.  3 QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report | At a glance Chairman’s statement The expertise of our people is in high  demand as customers look for innovative  ways to defeat new threats to security.  “Achieving our ambition of  becoming the chosen partner  requires a relentless focus  on meeting the needs of our  customers both in our home  markets and overseas.” Mark Elliott Non-executive Chairman Context  FY17 will be remembered as the year in which many  of the world’s most newsworthy events were influenced  by the challenges being created by globalisation and  a marked return to national politics. Over the summer, I  engaged in discussions with Non-executive Directors of  other companies listed on the London Stock Exchange  about the risks and opportunities presented by Brexit.  In the United States, where I have spent much of my  working life, some of the political and economic  conventions that have been in place for many years  are being challenged and the Board and I are working  closely with QinetiQ’s US leadership team to ensure  that we are responding effectively to the new realities. In defence and security, we are seeing increasing  complexity with nations facing multiple global  threats from both state and non-state actors. In  this environment, QinetiQ continues to play a vital  role making connections between technologies,  across supply chains and internationally to support  government customers with the rapid development  of new capabilities to combat these threats.  In April 2015, we appointed Steve Wadey as CEO of  QinetiQ. Steve has significant defence sector experience  and is implementing a strategy to deliver sustainable  growth founded on a thorough understanding of  the dynamics in our markets and the needs of our  customers now and in the future. The Board and I  are encouraged by the progress that is being made  by Steve and his leadership team, and the momentum  that is clearly building in the implementation of our  strategic priorities. Performance In the year to 31 March 2017, we delivered increased  orders, revenue and profit. We will continue to prioritise  the delivery of sustainable growth with ongoing capital  discipline as key elements of QinetiQ’s investment case.  New CFO  On 1 March 2017, the Board was delighted to welcome  David Smith as Chief Financial Officer, following an  extensive blue-chip career as CFO of both Rolls-Royce  and of the technology group Edwards, and as CEO of  Jaguar Land Rover. Our previous CFO David Mellors  left QinetiQ at the end of 2016 to join Cobham plc.  On behalf of the Board I would like to thank David  Mellors for his contribution to QinetiQ; he drove  a significant strengthening of the balance sheet  providing a solid foundation for our future growth.  We would also like to thank Dr Malcolm Coffin,  QinetiQ Group Financial Controller, who assumed  the CFO role on an interim basis. 4 Strategic report QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategy Over the last 18 months, Steve and his executive team  led an Integrated Strategic Business Planning process,  which was thoroughly discussed in a two-day meeting  with the Board. In addition to this active involvement  in the development of future strategy, the Board  also ensures the effective scrutiny of mergers and  acquisitions. In FY17, the Group completed the purchase  of two businesses to support our strategy, Meggitt  Target Systems in the UK and Canada, and RubiKon  Group in Australia, its first significant acquisitions since  2008. I would like to add my personal welcome to the  employees of these two companies and wish them  many rewarding years as part of the QinetiQ Group.  With a significant amount of activity under way to drive  growth in the UK, in international markets and through  innovation, the Board is undertaking ‘deep dives’ into  a number of topics to monitor delivery of the strategy.  These deep dives are scheduled throughout the year  with relevant members of QinetiQ’s executive team  and papers are submitted in advance so the focus  is on two-way discussion rather than presentations.  Topics scheduled for FY18 include those related to  our strategic priorities, progress