 Read mo Re 02 Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017  “ At Speedy, we all share the same  vision: to help make our customers’  business as successful as it can be.  It’s why we do what we do and what  motivates us every single day.” Russell Down Chief Executive Enhancing the   customer experience SPEEDy At A G l AnCE Our vision Our vision is to become the best company in our   sector to do business with and the best to work for. Our mission Our mission is to provide safe, reliable hire   equipment and services to enable successful   delivery of customer projects. Our values   Safe – the first priority in everything we do   As One – working together to collectively   achieve our goals  Innovative – to continuously improve   Driven – to deliver a first class customer experience This approach to the way we do business will enable  us to deliver sustainable growth through improved  profitability and ROCE.  In this report we highlight the progress we have made  against our key strategic themes. Revenue £369.4m Key figures Our priority is to provide  a first class customer  experience so that  everything we do is  focussed on the customer. n ational b Rand  and cove Rage Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 03 01 c ustomer experience 02 innovation 03 c ustomer relationships 04 Safety   Read more about our strategy on   pages 12 to 23 Our strategy Our strategy focusses on three fundamental themes:    Providing a first class customer experience so that  everything we do is focussed on the customer   Innovating and doing things differently, and better  than our competitors   Cultivating strong client relationships Underpinning these is our commitment to keeping   our people and customers safe, and creating a culture  in which all staff are empowered to make appropriate  decisions. l ocation S 210 employee S 3,745 l aRge St hi Re fleet  and a SSet b Readth  and depth in the  indu St Ry Safe St hi Re pRovide R   in the indu St Ry  ba Sed on accident  and injuR y Rate S Delivering our strategy 04 Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHAIRmAn’S St AtE mEnt Solid platform   for the future Overview  I am pleased to report that the actions  undertaken by management have  enabled us to report substantially  improved results; revenue and profits  have increased, the hire fleet has been  reduced, utilisation rates increased, and  net debt 1  has fallen significantly. The  business has been stabilised and we have  created a solid platform for the future. Having previously identified the  underlying issues that had affected  the Group’s performance last year,  management has improved engineering  efficiency, addressed equipment  availability, structured the sales force   to ensure that we address large and SME  customers alike, embedded ownership  and accountability at a regional level,  and invested in upgrades to our IT and  management information systems; all  of which have led to improved business  performance. Customer focussed initiatives were  launched to improve responsiveness  and service levels, including customer  surveys, and these have also made  a major contribution to our strong  performance.  “  I am pleased to report that the  actions undertaken by management  have enabled us to report  substantially improved results.” Jan Åstrand Chairman Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Results overview Revenue increased to £369.4m (2016:  £329.1m), following actions to better  address the SME market and improve   non-hire revenues. Overhead costs have  been tightly controlled with further  savings realised during the year, partially  offset by bonuses payable due to the  good results.  The hire fleet reduced by 11.4% to  £194.8m as a result of targeted disposals  and improved asset utilisation, whilst   net debt 1  fell significantly to £71.4m  (2016: £102.6m). Return on capital  employed 2 , a key measure, increased   by 140.6% to 7.7%; excluding disposals  ROCE 2  was 8.4% (2016: 3.0%). The  Group has a strong balance sheet, and  substantial headroom with which to   grow organically or through targeted  value enhancing acquisitions in order   to strengthen our market position. Acquisition On 19 December 2016 we announced  the acquisition of the brand, business  and assets of Lloyds British Testing  Limited (‘Lloyds British’) from the  Administrator, PwC. Lloyds British is a  specialist business, which carries out  testing, certification, and inspection  of lifting equipment, and training from  locations across the United Kingdom.  The acquisition cost of £3.8m was paid in  cash in full on completion; the business  is now fully integrated and is enhancing  Speedy’s overall offering in the specialist  lifting market. Dividend The Board is recommending a final  dividend of 0.67 pence per share, an  increase of 67.5%. If approved at the  forthcoming Annual General Meeting   the total dividend for the year would be  1.00 pence per share (2016: 0.70 pence).  The dividend will be paid on 11 August  2017 to shareholders on the register   at close of business on 7 July 2017. Board  David Shearer joined the Board as a   Non-Executive Director on 9 September  2016 and was subsequently appointed   to the Audit and Nomination Committees.  On 31 March 2017 David was