 HIGHLIGHTS   For a full list of KPIs  see pages 14-15   For financial results   see pages 24-29   For dividend information  see page 31 Operational highlights  – IGBB sold for £1.3 billion  – Revenue from continuing operations   increased by 18% to £543 million   (2015/16: £460 million), an increase   of 8% on a constant currency basis   – Trading operating profit from continuing   operations increased by 4% to £145 million   (2015/16: £139 million), an increase of 12%   excluding the impact from hedging  – Trading EPS (basic) from continuing   operations is marginally down at 23.2p   per share (2015/16: 23.6p per share)  – Trading EPS (basic) including discontinued   operations is marginally down at 42.9p per   share. On a like-for-like basis trading EPS   (basic) increased by 22%  – Final dividend payment unchanged at 27 .0p   per share; full-year dividend unchanged at   38.5p per share  – Annual cost savings identified of   approximately £25 million by 2019/20 will be   offset by incremental investment for growth  Unless specifically stated all references are to continuing operations. REVENUE  £543m TRADING PROFIT  BEFORE TAX £114m TRADING EPS (BASIC) 23.2p FULL-YEAR DIVIDEND  PER SHARE 38.5p TRADING OPERATING  PROFIT £145m PROFIT BEFORE TAX  £120m TRADING EPS (BASIC)  (including discontinued) 42.9p NEX Group plc is incorporated as a public limited company  and is registered in England and Wales with the registered  number 10013770. NEX Group plc’s registered office is   2 Broadgate, London EC2M 7UR. The directors present the  Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2017. References  to ‘NEX’, the ‘Group’, the ‘Company’, ‘we’, or ‘our’ are to NEX  Group plc and its subsidiary companies where appropriate.  Pages 1 to 78 inclusive of this Annual Report comprise the  strategic report, governance and directors’ report and the  remuneration report that has been drawn up and presented in  accordance with English company law and the liabilities of the  directors in connection with that report shall be subject to the  limitations and restrictions provided by such law. On 15 December 2016, NEX Group plc obtained control   of the entire share capital of ICAP plc via the Scheme of  Arrangement. There were no changes in the rights or the  proportion of control exercised and therefore the financial  statements reflect the continuation of the pre-existing group  headed by ICAP plc. See basis of preparation on page 87. Strategic report 1 NEX Group plc Annual Report 2017 INPUTS Financial  capital  Technology  People  Culture and  reputation Global  infrastructure  Partnerships Strategic report GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW CONTINUED Our move towards the consolidated infrastructure  and interface of NEX Infinity with its unified sales and  support environment that caters for both sell- and  buy-side as well as major corporates will provide us  with enormous opportunities. As part of this consolidation process we are aligning our  structure with that of our clients, allowing them a clear,  NEX business-agnostic view of our full suite of products  and services.   “ The transformation of the Group  into a focused financial technology  company and our continued  investment in new product and  service offerings will result in   long-term growth.” Single legal agreements and a single interface will  further simplify our clients’ ability to pick and choose  multiple products either individually or in combination  based on their requirements and not our own   corporate structure.  An example of this is NEX Regulatory Reporting.  Launched in March, this combines a suite of best-in- breed services provided by multiple NEX Optimisation  businesses under a single umbrella to offer our clients  an extremely powerful and fully resilient cross-asset  and cross-jurisdictional regulatory reporting solution. At the beginning of the year we acquired ENSO Financial  Analytics. We have been and continue to be impressed  by ENSO, who have demonstrated the ability to build  a hedge fund client base to which they deliver an  expanding and well-regarded product set. In October  we completed our acquisition of Abide Financial. Since  Abide first came to our attention, we knew it was a  business which fitted perfectly with our strategy to   serve our clients’ changing needs. It is one of a very  small number of companies who offer holistic regulatory  reporting services, which will become ever more critical  as financial markets evolve. During the period we also invested in RSRCHXchange,  a MiFID II marketplace for institutional research; Axoni,  a leading provider of distributed ledger technology;  OpenFin, a unifying operating layer for financial desktops;  and Cloud9 Technologies, a cloud-based communication  provider. In addition, we made a further investment   in OpenGamma, a leading provider of derivatives   risk analytics. These acquisitions and investments demonstrate   how the team within our financial technology  investment business, NEX Opportunities,  is successfully building an impressive portfolio   of emerging financial technology companies.  In February, Per Sjöberg, CEO of TriOptima, decided  to leave the business to pursue other ventures. I would  like to record here my thanks to him for all his  contributions since he founded the business in 2000.  Ready for the future NEX is in a position to change our industry. We have  a portfolio of services that no one else can offer, and  which gives us the ability to build our reputation and  brand as the world’s leading electronic platform for   OTC transactions and post trade services to all parties.  We are already