 Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 03 02  Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 StRA te GIC RePo Rt eu Ro Pe’S le ADING  ReGIo NAl AIR l INe o n course for a sustainable future At a glance Key figures for 2016/17 2,388 employees 8.8m passengers 199 scheduled routes 83 aircraft 64 scheduled destinations Flybe UK After resolving the major legacy  issues, we can now focus all of our  resources on growing a sustainable  regional airline.  t his year we served more  passengers – 8.8 million in total.  And we got them to their final  destination on time more often.  For the second year running, Flybe  was named the u K’s most punctual  airline and ranked sixth worldwide.  Capacity was higher than we  would have liked, therefore  this has been deployed on  33 new scheduled routes and  we have increased frequency  on existing routes. We reached  64 scheduled destinations  in 12 different countries.  We reviewed and optimised  our franchise partnerships. We  10  Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 Strategic r eport Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 11 Chairman’s statement Flybe needed a new way forward and a different culture Since the start of the turnaround in 2013, much has  been achieved. However, the market remains highly  competitive and the results of the turnaround need  to be assessed against this background. t he business  has succeeded in managing great change, in focusing  the business into being a regional airline, fulfilling the  needs of regional customers and competing on thin  routes. We compete with all forms of transport – road,  rail and ferry – as well as other airlines with 18.9% of  our routes having a direct airline competitor. Consumer demand has continued to be fragile,  subdued by tragic events in Paris in November 2015  and brussels in March 2016; and then by uncertainty  arising from the brexit vote in June 2016. Despite  this backdrop, our continued growth in fleet size, the  result of an aircraft order placed at the time of the  IPo in 2010, forced us to grow the route network with  new routes being launched, principally to utilise the  aircraft we had. t he result has been lower load factors  and yields. t he board took the view last Autumn that much of  the initial turnaround had been completed and that  the Company needed a fresh look at its future and a  different culture. As the historic aircraft order works its  way out, this Summer will see the size of the fleet peak.  From the Autumn, the fleet will reduce in number, as  six end-of-lease handbacks will be returned to lessors.  t his gives us the opportunity to refocus the business  on truly profitable routes and being really   customer-orientated.  becoming truly customer-focused is an essential part of  our strategy. t he board decided that the ‘command and  control’ culture that had been prevalent in Flybe had to  change. We need to listen more to our customers, and  importantly listen to our own employees who work with  customers every day. Communication needs to flow  up the organisation from customers and employees,  as much as flow down from senior executives. Flybe  needed a new way forward and a different culture. Given that Flybe was entering a new phase in its  development, we agreed that it was time for a new Chief  executive o fficer to lead the Company. Saad Hammad  stepped down and left the business by mutual consent  in o ctober last year. t he board began the search for  a new Ceo and in the interim, I took on the role of  executive Chairman. t he search proved successful and  in January 2017, Christine o urmieres-Widener took up  the role of Ceo . Christine brings a lifelong experience in aviation, having  started her career in the maintenance department  of Air France with a Masters degree in aeronautical  engineering. She progressed in Air France (later Air  France Kl M), with stints in It , sales and marketing, as  well as general management in both the u K and uSA,  culminating in being Ceo of CityJet, both as a subsidiary  of Air France Kl M and later as an independent private  company. before joining us, Christine was Chief Global  Sales o fficer for American express Global business  t ravel. We are very pleased to have attracted such a  talented executive to lead our business. Christine has  made a very strong start to her Flybe career, and gives  her perspective on Flybe later in this report. o ver the past 12 months, Flybe has continued to  engage with both the u K and Scottish governments to  support regional aviation more effectively by providing  a level playing field versus international air travel and  other modes of transport. We agree that penalties for  excessive flight delays within an airline’s control are  an important protection for passengers, but believe  that compensation needs to have some relationship to  the value of the ticket price, and not be, as is currently  the case for regional airlines, often three times the  ticket price or more. No such punitive regime exists  for rail, road and ferry operators, nor indeed for long- haul airlines. “Regional aviation is   a critical part of this   country’s infrastructure.” Simon Laffin Non-executive Chairman Compliance  t here is a commitment to maintaining the  highest standards of compliance with corporate  governance so wherever possible best practice