 a year o ur retail markets Dairy Crest Annual Report 2017 3 Strategic report Cheese & functional ingredients 63% Revenue Contribution to Group: % of total Group. Revenue excludes other revenue. Proﬁt is product group proﬁt excluding share of associates. Market share source: IRI 52 weeks ended 25 March 2017. Proﬁt Revenue 37% 37% Proﬁt 14% Market share  Retail butter  and spreads Market share Retail branded  everyday cheese 54% 63% Dairy Crest produces and markets Cathedral City, the UK’s leading  cheese brand, and the premium Davidstow cheddar brand. Our  world-class supply chain starts with milk supplied by 360 farmers in  the dairying heartlands of Cornwall and Devon. This top quality milk  is made into cheddar cheese at our highly-automated creamery  in Davidstow, Cornwall. The cheese then matures for on average  nearly a year at our purpose-built Nuneaton facility before being cut,  packed and distributed. We have a second packing site in Frome,  Somerset, for more complex and innovative packaging.  Whey is a by-product of the cheese making process. Our   new facility at Davidstow produces demineralised whey and  galacto-oligosaccharide (‘GOS’), a lactose based prebiotic, which  are both ingredients for infant formula, a high-growth, high-margin  global market.  Highlights •  Cathedral City is Britain’s largest cheese brand, 18th largest  grocery brand and 7th largest online grocery brand •  Cathedral City is now bought by nearly 55% of UK households  each year •  Cathedral City has been re-launched with new and improved  packaging design across the range •  100% of our milk comes from dedicated farmers in the South  West of England •  Production and sales of demineralised whey and GOS   are underway Dairy Crest manufactures a number of leading butters, spreads   & oil brands in the UK. Key brands include Country Life (butter)  and Clover (spread) which are produced at a single facility in   Kirkby, Merseyside, alongside a portfolio of smaller brands in the  spreads category.  Our subsidiary company, MH Foods, is based in Erith, Kent   and has a strong heritage in innovative food products spanning  more than 30 years. It produces Frylight, the original one calorie  cooking spray and now the UK’s largest oil brand.  Highlights •  Frylight continues to grow sales strongly, growing volumes   by 23% and increasing its lead as the UK’s No1 oil brand •  Country Life spreadable gained share and grew sales by 7% •  ‘No artificial ingredients’ Clover continued to gain share,  outgrowing a difficult spreads market by 4% •  Re-launched Vitalite, our iconic dairy free brand, grew sales   by 3% Butters, spreads & oils Product groups The UK’s n o1 oil brand The UK’s n o1   dairy spread The UK’s fastest growing  major spreadable brand   The UK’s n o1   cheese brand The UK’s n o1   in the year ended 31 march 2017 8 Dairy Crest Annual Report 2017 CHAirmAn’S STATemenT r eview of the year This year we have delivered a set of results which demonstrate  the underlying robustness of our business. Adjusted profit before  tax has increased by 5% to £60.6 million and profit margins have  increased to 16.4%. This performance has been delivered despite  a highly volatile background in global dairy markets.  In the first half of the year, milk volumes were strong across  the UK and falling milk and cream prices reflected this. However,  after two years of pronounced deflation, UK and global dairy  markets strengthened in the second half of the year as supply fell.  In this environment, we increased the price we pay our farmers for  milk by 38% between the summer of 2016 and March 2017. The  impact on cream prices was even more pronounced and butter  input costs doubled in the second half of 2016. Despite this background, we increased profits and delivered  a strong branded performance, especially across our butters,  spreads and oils portfolio. Furthermore, 2016/17 saw the start  of demineralised whey and GOS production at our Davidstow  creamery. Sales of functional ingredients represent an important  future growth opportunity for the business.  Developing brands Developing brands is at the heart of our business and 2016/17  saw good progress across our portfolio. Cathedral City, Clover  and Frylight have each benefited from refreshed packaging during  the last 12 months and the level of overall marketing activity was  increased compared to the prior year. We aired two new TV  advertisements for Cathedral City and Frylight and supported  a significant programme of consumer-facing and in-store  advertising, and promotional activity across our key brands. innovation at the core  I am delighted that our success in innovation and product  development was recognised this year. Clover won the spreads  category ‘Product of the Year 2017’ award in the world’s largest  consumer survey award for product innovation. This is testimony  to the work undertaken to remove all artificial ingredients from the  recipe. Furthermore, in October 2016 Frylight won the Institute of  Grocery and Distribution ‘Health and Wellness’ award.  Innovation is critical in order to continue to grow our business  and 13% of the Group’s revenue in 2016/17 resulted from products  that are less than three years old. This is well ahead of the 10%  target we set ourselves.  Value-added ingredients We have now completed our investment at our cheese creamery  at Davidstow, Cornwall. We are producing demineralised whey,  an added value by-product of the cheese-making process.  Demineralised whey is the base ingredient for infant formula and  by March 2017 over 80% of production was meeting the exacting  standards required for use in infant formula