 111  Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements 178  P ar ent Company  Financial Statements Useful Information 187  Group Five-year Summary 189  Additional Inf ormation 190  Information for Investors 191  Gl os sary Trademarks SPLENDA ®  and the SPLENDA ®  logo  are trademarks of Heartland  Consumer Products LLC. Definitions/cautionary  statement Please see the explanatory notes on  the inside back cover. Year of strong financial, operational  and cash performance Adjusted profit before tax on continuing operations 1 £271m +20% 2 Reported basic earnings per share for continuing  operations 55.0p +28.9p Adjusted free cash flow from continuing operations 1 £174m +£121m Dividend for the year per share 28.0p 1 Adjusted results and a number of other terms and performance measures used in this Annual Report are not directly  defined within accounting standards. For clarity we have provided descriptions of the various metrics and their  reconciliations to the most directly comparable measures reported in IFRS, and the calculations where relevant of any  ratios, in Notes 1 and 4. 2 Change in constant currency. Year ended 31 March 2017 Change STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS USEFUL INFORMATION www.tateandlyle.com 1 Meeting global  demand for  healthier food Consumers across the world are looking for  healthier foods and drinks Our wide range of ingredients and solutions helps to enrich foods with fibre,  to reduce sugar , calories and fat, and to improve texture while never  compromising taste. 1 Tate & Lyle multi-country consumer research 2015. 2 FoodMinds (US), 2014. 3 Nielsen and Mintel consulting (US) 2013. of consumers look   for foods high in fibre of consumers look for  calorie information on a  package label of consumers say   taste is their top  purchasing motivator 53% 1 65% 2 90% 3 2 Tate & Lyle PLC Annual Report 2017 www.tateandlyle.com 3 Investing in  higher-growth  markets Strong opportunities for growth in developing,  faster-paced markets We continue to invest in higher-growth markets such as Asia Pacific and  Latin America. We have built a network of applications laboratories and  added sales and technical service resources, to enable us to work with our  customers to help them launch new products, and reformulate existing  products, in their local markets. 1 Euromonitor 2014-2016 Compound Annual Growth Rates (market growth – total volume). 11% 1 Growth in yoghurt in Asia Pacific 5% 1 Growth in soups, sauces and  dressings in Asia Pacific 6% 1 Growth in sports and energy   drinks in Latin America 4 Tate & Lyle PLC Annual Report 2017 www.tateandlyle.com 5 Driving innovation   and new products Using leading-edge science to  create food for modern-day life People all over the world are looking for  healthier foods and drinks which fit into their  busy lifestyles — from reduced-sugar drinkable  yoghurts to creamy dressings with a fraction of  the fat. Our teams of food scientists and  nutritionists are continuously researching and  testing ingredients to create solutions which  allow our customers to provide the nutritious,  great-tasting foods people want. 1 Innova Market Insights 2013-2016 Compound Annual Growth Rates. 2 A granted patent means a single patent granted in one country. Data includes patent applications where we  have received a Notice of Allowance from a national patent office and the patent is in the final stages of the  grant process. 13% 1 Growth in products   launched globally with   a clean-label claim 15% 1 Growth in products  launched globally with a  sugar reduction claim 59 2 New patents granted  globally to Tate & Lyle   in the year ended  31 March 2017 6 Tate & Lyle PLC Annual Report 2017 Driving innovation   and new products www.tateandlyle.com 7 Delivering  high-quality  ingredients   at scale Our ingredients are used in  products consumed by millions  of people every day Our Bulk Ingredients business provides   high-volume food ingredients and industrial  products to customers who operate on a large  scale. Maintaining the highest standards   of food safety, quality and traceability of our  ingredients, and of responsible manufacturing,   is of the utmost importance to us and  our customers. 1.4m We process around 2%   or about 1.4 million acres  of the annual corn crop   in the US ‘A’ rating BRC (Global Food Safety  Initiative) has rated our  manufacturing plants  globally ‘A’ or ‘AA’ 10.4% Reduction in CO 2 e  emissions per tonne of  production since 2008 8 Tate & Lyle PLC Annual Report 2017 Delivering  high-quality  ingredients   at scale www.tateandlyle.com 9 Innovation and Commercial Development Innovation and Commercial Development manages the innovation pipeline and   is responsible for new product development. It connects consumer needs with  leading-edge science to provide innovative ingredients and solutions which our  customers use to meet growing global consumer demand for healthier food and drink.  Global Operations Global Operations delivers high-quality products to our customers across the world.   It is responsible for the efficient operation of our manufacturing facilities, supply and  demand planning, raw material sourcing, customer service and logistics, safety,  sustainability, and the continuous improvement of our operations. At a Glance Our business… Our business divisions are supported by two global teams Bulk Ingredients Steady earnings and cash generation Speciality Food Ingredients Growth engine Our business divisions Overview Develops innovative ingredients  and solutions for customers  globally that meet consumer  demand for great tasting,  healthier food and drink. Portfolio includes: • Texturants which provide   key functionality such as  thickening, shelf stability   and fat reduction • Sweeteners which help  reduce sugar and calories • Health and wellness  ingredients including fibres 