 1 7 ,500 KEY STATISTICS (AS AT 31 MARCH 2017) Operating profit £56.0m -31.2% Basic earnings per share 34.2p -32.5% Net debt 1   £24.3m -38.5% Underlying earnings per share 1   27.7p +1 5.9% Operating profit margin  5.0% -210bps Dividend per share 9.1p +65.5%  Underlying operating profit 1 £52.1m + 2.4% + 7.0% (excluding WRM) Underlying operating profit margin 1 4.7% +30bps +40bps (excluding WRM) Revenue  £1, 118. 1m -2.6% -1.3% (excluding WRM) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 1  See page 23 for further information on the Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), including definitions and a reconciliation of APMs to statutory measures. Wincanton plc  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 1 Strategic report Governance Directors’ remuneration report Directors’ report Independent auditor’s report Accounts STRATEGIC REPORT Making good  progress Steve Marshall  Chairman Strong positive cash  generation enables us  to lift our final dividend Wincanton plc  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 STRATEGIC REPORT CHAIRMAN’S REVIEW OUTLOOK The Group remains well positioned in its  chosen markets and continues to perform  robustly and deliver strong service levels for  customers. To date the Group has experienced  no significant impact from the Brexit vote  in June 2016, and we believe the Group can  adequately manage any future uncertainty  that arises during the Brexit process. Robust cash generation supports limited  scale investments in skills and technology  capabilities to both protect and grow the  business for the longer term without raising  the Group’s overall risk profile. During the coming year the Board expect  Wincanton to make continued progress. Steve Marshall Chairman DIVIDEND  The Board are pleased to be recommending  an increased final dividend of 6.1p per Ordinary  Share for the year ended 31 March 201 7  (2016: 5.5p). This reflects the Group’s strong  operating profits and dividend policy outlined  to shareholders last year when we resumed  dividend payments. The proposed annual  dividend is covered 3.0 times by underlying  earnings. The Board’s progressive dividend  policy is unchanged. KEY PRIORITIES AND PROSPECTS The Group’s overriding priority will be to  oversee further progress in the delivery of the  organic growth trading strategy, as set out in  the Chief Executive’s statement. This requires  targeted investments in people and processes,  to extend our capabilities in areas directly  relevant to customers in our existing contract  logistics heartland. The Group now has the  capacity to invest in business development,  and is actively doing so; but it remains selective  in its approach, with a risk appetite best  described as low to moderate. The Board will also be focused on the  forthcoming triennial review of the pension  scheme and in agreeing an appropriate  future funding plan with the Scheme Trustee.  The Group still has a sizeable pension deficit,  and so the pension scheme will remain as a  significant stakeholder for many years to come. As already noted, talent management is  already a key focus, and increasing diversity  in all its forms will be a priority for the coming  year, from the warehouse to the boardroom.  The Board will also ensure that their  stewardship obligations, not least in the areas  of operational safety, sustainability and financial  assurance, remain centre stage and in line with  best practice. INTRODUCTION The year ended 31 March 201 7 represented  a further year of good progress for Wincanton.  The focus of the Board and the Executive  Management Team is on positioning the Group  to deliver long term organic growth, whilst  also meeting its obligations to all stakeholders.  This will be achieved by maintaining and  deepening strong working partnerships  with our customers. The success of an outsourcing business model  such as ours is driven by providing great  customer service and value, maintaining high  levels of contract retention and renewal and by  securing new contracts to grow the business. RESULTS Underlying earnings per share was up by 1 5.9%  over the prior year to 27 .7p, and has increased  by 108.3% since the year ended 31 March 201 3.  Year end net debt at £24.3m (2016: £39.5m)  was once again reduced, cumulatively a 78.8%  reduction over the same period. The Group’s  existing banking facilities were satisfactorily  extended during the year to provide an  appropriate level of maturity. PEOPLE AND THE BOARD Board membership was unchanged during  the year. Adrian Colman has continued to  strengthen the senior management team,  with a healthy mixture of internal promotions  and external appointments; broadening  our talent pool is fundamental to the Group  delivering on its organic growth strategy  and meeting customer expectations. The contribution of the Group’s 1 7 ,500  employees is once again recognised.  The Group’s strong reputation for consistent  operational delivery is above all the product  of their hard work. Wincanton plc  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 3 Strategic report Governance Directors’ remuneration report Directors’ report Independent auditor’s report Accounts Retail & Consumer Addressing over half of the supply chain spend  in the UK, our Retail & Consumer operations  seamlessly manage the flow of goods from  production through to delivery to the store  or home, for grocers and general retailers  alike. In an increasingly digitised market our  systems, people and services underpin many  multichannel operations. Revenue  £649.3m Underlying operating profit £25.8m Revenue   £315.5m Revenue   £228.7m Revenue  £105.1m WHAT WE DO MARKET SECTORS RETAIL GENERAL MERCHANDISE Non-food retailers with store and/or  online activities requiring eFulfilment  services to meet the demands of  a multichannel market. Customers include: • Argos • B&Q • Screwfix • wilko RETAIL GROCERY Food retailers serving consumer or trade  customers