  Why invest in ULS Technology  PAGE 03  Our business model  PAGE 08  Our strategy  PAGE 12  Chief Executive’s statement  PAGE 14 You can help us to reduce our environmental impact by   opting to receive shareholder communications online at   www.ulstechnology.com/investors OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At a glance Our vision To become the leading service provider   of technology comparison solutions to   the Legal Services, Financial Services and  Property sectors. Our central and unerring  focus will be to help an increasing number  of customers to move home as easily and  cost-effectively as possible.  Our mission To help customers who are making  important lifetime decisions to have the  best possible experience, and feel they  have received excellent value. Our strategy We will achieve our vision through   a clear and deliberate strategy. Always improving We will consistently strive to understand  exactly what our customers and business  partners want, and deliver this to them. Innovation We will develop new products and  services that enable us to hold a  competitive advantage over other   firms in our market. Growth Through constantly improving and   trying to perfect the products and services  we offer, we will attract increased new  business from our existing customers and  business partners. Additionally, we will  forge new relationships that will increase  new business, including acquiring other  businesses where appropriate to do so. What we do We bring together customers and  solicitors utilising technology backed- up by excellent customer service. We  provide customers with choice, price  competition and quality ratings. We  provide solicitors and conveyancers  with the opportunity to win work with  no upfront cost. Our distribution  channels We primarily provide our services  through white-labels to mortgage  brokers, banks, building societies and  price comparison websites amongst  others. Our service allows them to  provide their customers choice and  enables them to complete mortgage  applications efficiently. Revenue £22.3m Revenue is generated principally  from the completion of conveyancing  cases and also the associated sales  of searches and ID checks. EBITDA (underlying) £5.1m EBITDA (underlying) excludes  exceptional items (see reconciliation  on page 16). Conveyancing  instructions 89,208 A conveyancing instruction is the  point where a customer chooses  a conveyancer through the ULS  platform. This provides a strong  indication of future revenues.  Instructions typically take three or  four months to complete with around  70% reaching completion. Conveyancing  completions 56,789 A conveyancing completion is when  the conveyancing transaction has  been marked as completed on the  ULS platform by the conveyancer.  This is the point where revenue is  recognised on a conveyancing case. uncertainties  Chairman’s statement I am delighted with the progress the Group has shown this year in  terms of profit growth, with our first large acquisition trading well.  There are good prospects for the coming year as we increase our  market share. Review of the year Over the last few years the Group has  been developing a growing pipeline of  prospective business. Bringing a number  of these prospects on stream during the  year, as well as a keen focus on  maintaining high-levels of service for  existing introducers, allowed the business  to grow over the period. I was particularly  pleased to see us organically grow our  transactional volumes by 4% while the  market shrank in volume terms by 13%.   There were challenging times with the  changes in the buy-to-let regulations,  followed by the slow down post EU  referendum. However, this was less  prolonged than initially feared and the  housing market returned to more normal  levels in the autumn, although the longer- term issue of a lack of housing stock for  sale is still a factor.  The business has developed and  launched a new panel management  solution for lenders which has been well  received and has resulted in a number of  new contracts being won. Some of these  contracts have only recently gone live and  I am excited by the opportunities for the  business in this area. Final dividend Subject to approval by shareholders at the  Annual General Meeting to be held on  28 July 2017 , the board proposes a final  dividend of 1.10p per share, payable on  4 August 2017 to those shareholders on  the register at the close of business on  7 July 2017 . This, together with interim  dividend of 1.10p per share already paid,  takes total proposed distributions relating  to the year ending 31 March 2017 to 2.20p  per share. Acquisition of Conveyancing Alliance  Holdings Limited (CAL) The Group was delighted CAL joined us   in December 2016. Harpal Singh and  John Phillips have done an excellent job   in building a profitable business with an  excellent reputation; their openness to  improving both our businesses’  profitability is welcome.   CAL provides similar conveyancing  services to United Legal Services in the  mortgage broker and estate agency  channels, but with some service and  brand differences which will be  maintained. Since acquisition CAL has  continued to grow and has contributed   to the overall Group’s profitability in the  year under review. Board changes As trailed in the last Annual Report,  Nigel Hoath, founder of the Group,  stepped down from his position as  Non-executive Director in August.  Again, our thanks go to Nigel for his  contribution to building the business.  Outlook The prospects for the housing market and  the wider economy remain uncertain