 Company balance sheet 144 Supplementary disclosures unaudited 155 Other information Other information (unaudited) 162 Sustainability performance measures 172 Ten year record 174 Shareholder information 175 Glossary 177 Presentation of financial information The Group financial statements are prepared under  IFRS where the Group’s interests in joint ventures and  funds are shown as a single line item on the income  statement and balance sheet and all subsidiaries   are consolidated at 100%. Management considers the business principally on   a proportionally consolidated basis when setting   the strategy, determining annual priorities, making  investment and financing decisions and reviewing  performance. This includes the Group’s share of   joint ventures and funds on a line-by-line basis and  excludes non-controlling interests in the Group’s  subsidiaries. The financial key performance indicators  are also presented on this basis. Refer to the Financial  review for a discussion of the IFRS results. Expert People The knowledge and skills to deliver We employ Expert People and  work with specialist partners   to create insight, develop skills  and build capability. Capital Efficiency Disciplined use of capital We allocate our capital, manage   our finances and partner with  like-minded organisations to deliver  sustainable long term value.  Right Places Creating great environments,  inside and out We design engaging, sustainable  places which bring people together  through the right mix of occupiers,  services and activities. Customer Orientation Responding to changing lifestyles We use our insight into customers’  needs and identify major long term  trends to create environments in  tune with changing lifestyles. 1 British Land  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Places People Prefer Curating the environment inside and out,  using our scale and placemaking expertise £6.3bn 1 British Land owned City 39% West End 61% Standalone 22% Campuses 78% Broadgate Regent’s Place Clarges Central Paddington  Cluster Portman Regional 45% Superstores Dep’t store Solus & Leisure Local 33% Multi-let 78% Other Retail 22% £6.6bn British Land owned Our placemaking expertise delivers  buildings and environments that reflect  the way people work, shop and live Total portfolio We provide buildings and environments  which cater to the changing needs of the  people who use them. Our properties  bring businesses and people together;  they are functional and authentic with   the right mix of occupiers, services and  activities and we use our placemaking  framework to enhance not just individual  buildings but the overall environment. £19 .1bn 1, 3 assets under management £13.9bn 2 British Land owned 28m sq ft 1 of floor space £636m 2, 3 contracted rent 98% 3 occupancy rate 8.3 years 3 weighted average unexpired lease term £9 .0bn assets under  management Retail Our Retail portfolio is focused on a network of  multi-let Regional and Local centres, reflecting  modern consumer lifestyles. We provide high  quality retail and leisure with best in class  services meeting a range of consumer needs. We  provide places to shop, eat and be entertained;  places which are convenient and accessible   and which connect with local communities. Highlights   – 1.3 million sq ft of lettings and renewals   11% ahead of ERV  – Multi-let ERV up 2.4%  – Portfolio valuation down 1.8%   – Over £1 billion of capital activity, refining   our focus on our multi-let portfolio    To read more information about our  performance, go to pages 28 to 37. 1   Includes 100% of the assets owned by   the Group’s joint ventures and funds. 2   Includes the Group share of joint ventures   and funds and excludes non-controlling   interests in the Group’s subsidiaries. 3  See Glossary for definitions. Our portfolio has the  potential to reach 60%  of the population  Drake Circus Our Regional centre in Plymouth. This year   on its tenth anniversary we extended our  ownership by acquiring the New George   Street Estate linking the retail centre and   the proposed leisure scheme, enhancing   our control of the environment and providing  further scope for asset management.    w w w . b r i t is h l a nd . c o m / Dr a k e C i r cus   To read more information about our   Retail portfolio, go to pages 32 to 34. 2 British Land  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report BRITISH LAND AT A GLANCE £6.3bn 1 British Land owned City 39% West End 61% Standalone 22% Campuses 78% Broadgate Regent’s Place Clarges Central Paddington  Cluster Portman Regional 45% Superstores Dep’t store Solus & Leisure Local 33% Multi-let 78% Other Retail 22% £6.6bn British Land owned £8.5bn 1 assets under   management Offices  Our Offices portfolio is focused on our London  campuses which also include a mix of retail,  leisure and residential to create attractive   and engaging environments. They reflect   the lifestyle of today’s workforce and appeal   to a broad range of occupiers. Outside our  campuses, we own a number of high quality  standalone buildings in well-connected and  well-managed locations. Highlights   – Exchanged on the sale of 50% interest   in The Leadenhall Building for a headline   price of £1.15 billion (100%)  – 279,000 sq ft of lettings and renewals   1.4% ahead of ERV in the year  – Over 700,000 sq ft of lettings under offer   or in advanced negotiations  – Portfolio valuation down 0.7%  Our places are increasingly   mixed use Across our portfolio, we are broadening the   mix of uses to better reflect people’s changing  lifestyles. Our plans will add cinemas, hotels, 