 6  Ordinary dividends paid/proposed relating to the financial year “Our ﬁrst full year as a listed company has been one of progress as we have worked hard to position  the Group for future growth. It is disappointing that reduced client activity impacted revenue  performance for much of the year, but I am pleased that the strength of our platform, team and service  proposition has continued to attract new, high quality clients and our existing clients are putting more  money to work with us. We have continued to make excellent headway with our ﬁve strategic initiatives  in 2017 and signed the biggest institutional transaction in our history, our partnership with ANZ Bank.  Clearly regulatory change is likely to have some impact on the business, but we believe we are well  positioned to beneﬁt from market share gains in the medium to long term, with our ability to adapt  our leading proprietary technology and focus on client service and regulatory compliance supported  by our ﬁnancial strength.”   Peter Cruddas  Chief Executive Officer Highlights  Net operating income 1  (£m)  Active clients 3  Revenue per active client 4  (£)  rofit after tax m  Underlying PBT 2  (£m)  Underlying PBT margin  PBT (£m)  PBT margin  Value of trades 5  (£bn)  Number of trades (m)  Dividend 6  per share  Special dividend per share Basic EPS CMC Markets plc Annual Report 2017 Highlights Highlights 6 7 Whilst I am pleased to present the Group’s results in our first  full year since listing on the London Stock Exchange, there  is no doubt that the past year has been challenging and  disappointing with net operating income down 5% and  underlying profit before tax down 22%. The year-on-year fall   in  net operating income was primarily driven by more  challenging market conditions with sustained periods of  significantly lower market volatility, providing fewer trading  opportunities for our clients. The more significant fall in underlying profit before tax of  22% was a function of the lower level of net operating income  combined with our continued investment in the strategic  growth initiatives, which will drive the medium to long-term  growth of the Group. We have made strong progress on each of  the strategic initiatives, greater detail of which is included later  in the annual report. Although the financial performance is disappointing, the  underlying fundamentals within the business have continued to  improve with a 5% increase in active clients and client money at  record levels. The results for the year have been somewhat overshadowed by  the proposals from the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)  and other European regulators as they reform the way that  contracts for difference (CFDs) and spread betting products are  offered. The Group welcomes strong regulation and is working  with regulators throughout the consultation periods, to achieve  their objectives. It is likely that once finalised, these changes will  impact the profitability of the Group in the short term, although  in the medium to long term we believe that the Group will  benefit from these changes as smaller operators leave the  industry and we grow market share. Governance and the Board Prior to the listing in February 2016, we made a number of  changes to the Board, strengthening it in a number of key areas.  This is the first full year that the Board has been in place and  following a formal evaluation process the Board has agreed  that it has operated effectively throughout the year. More detail  is included in the Nomination Committee report. Manjit Wolstenholme will be stepping down from the Board  at our Annual General Meeting on 27 July 2017. I would like  to thank Manjit for her valuable contribution as we prepared  for our listing and during our first year as a public company,  and wish her every success for the future. We have commenced  a thorough search for a successor. Our people On behalf of the Board I would like to thank all of our staff for  their hard work once again. Their effort and commitment has  helped to ensure that we successfully managed the market  volatility around the EU referendum as well as other significant  market events during the year. The quality of our staff gives me  the confidence to know that we will successfully deal with the  regulatory changes, Brexit and other events that will impact the  operations of the Group in the coming years. We have a  considerable talent base in our London head office and intend  to maintain the UK as our global headquarters. Continuing  investment in our key talent will be an absolute priority for the  Board in the coming year. Dividends CMC Markets continues to be a highly cash generative  business. Whilst the Group’s policy is to pay dividends of 50%  of underlying profit after tax, given the Group’s strong cash  position, the Board has decided to maintain the full year total  ordinary dividend in line with the prior year. The Board is recommending a final dividend of 5.95 pence per  share, which represents a total ordinary dividend of 8.93 pence  per share. Outlook 2018 will be an important year for the Group as the regulatory  changes are finalised and the way the Group will best serve the  needs of our clients within that environment becomes clear.  With our award winning technology, focus on client service and  strong balance sheet, we believe that as the industry adjusts to  these changes we will be in a position to emerge as a stronger  business, delivering future growth and shareholder value. Simon Waugh