 2 At a Glance We believe in better As the need to create financial security in later  life becomes increasingly important for us all,  Xafinity is changing the way that we think about  pensions and the way that they are structured,  protected and delivered. We believe in better. Better schemes, information, technology and decisions.   Better service expectations and ultimately better financial   outcomes for trustees, businesses, members and our shareholders. Pensions advisory   and administration 82% of revenues Comprehensive service offering  for defined benefit pension  scheme trustees, spanning  actuarial, investment and wider  pensions advice. Complementary administration  services provided to pensions  advisory clients, to provide a ‘one  stop shop’ for pensions support. National Pension Trust (NPT) 1% of revenues Multi-employer Defined  Contribution scheme, governed  by a Board of Professional  Trustees to remove governance  and compliance burden for  participating employers. One of only 3 schemes nationally  that hold the new Retirement  Quality Mark. Although a small proportion of  revenues, NPT is a strategic  growth area. Other 17% of revenues Provision, operation and  administration of SSAS and SIPP  schemes for several thousand  small groups or individual  members. Provision of professional trustee  services to occupational pension  schemes. Consulting services to employers  on healthcare benefits. Our services years’   experience 40   turnover £52m+ UK locations 6 employees 400+ Large core market and  opportunities for growth Predictable and recurring  revenues Robust long-term financial  performance Longstanding client  relationships Experienced, young  management team Cash generative £2 trillion Liabilities of private UK defined   benefit pension schemes 40+ years Longevity of private UK defined   benefit pension schemes £380bn Funds in UK defined   contribution schemes 4.7% Average annual growth   in revenue since 2013 6.1% Average annual growth   in adjusted EBITDA 1  since 2013 1 Adjusted EBITDA used so as to provide a  comparable figure to previous years. See Note 5  to the Financial Statements for calculation. 520+ Corporate clients 80% Of top 20 fee payers have   been clients for 10+ years 82% Recurring revenue 99% Of revenue is repeatable  in nature 21 years Average experience of  senior leadership team 46 years Average age of senior   leadership team £11.6m Cash generated from operating activities  before Tax and after Capex 91% Cash conversion measured as a % of  Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation  and Amortisation Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Company Information 3 Why invest  in Xafinity? Tom Cross Brown Chairman Xafinity Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 “ The Company has a clear  strategic vision and goals for  organic revenue growth, a  sound financial base, high  quality employees and the  capability for scaling its  business model” for sustainable growth A better way Chairman’s Statement Overview  I am pleased to introduce Xafinity’s 2017  Annual Report and present my first statement  as Chairman, having been appointed to lead  the new Board shortly before the Company’s  listing on the London Main Market in February  this year. Our successful listing in an IPO  market dampened by concerns over Brexit was  testament to Xafinity’s quality of earnings and  growth potential, with the Offer at 139p per  ordinary share being fully subscribed by a  shareholder base of longer-term investors. The Group achieved a creditable performance  for the year ended 31 March 2017, continuing  a strong track record of delivering revenue  growth, healthy operating margin and strong  cash generation, while investing in its  operational capabilities to underpin future  growth. Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Company Information 5 Grown revenue to over  £52m in 2017 On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank  our colleagues across Xafinity for their  contribution to meeting the business  challenges in a significant year of innovation,  growth and change. Dividend Policy The Board are proposing a final dividend of  0.73p per share, effectively a post-listing  dividend for the period from Market  admission to 31 March 2017. This final  dividend will be payable on 28 September  2017 to shareholders on the register at the  close of business on 1 September 2017. The Board intend to pursue a progressive  dividend policy, with a two-thirds/ one-third approximate split of the total  annual dividend for the final and interim  dividends respectively and, subject to  prudent financial discipline and future  Group results, expect to pay as dividends  each year up to 67 per cent of adjusted  profits after tax. Strategy and Culture  Xafinity combines expertise, insight and  technology to address the needs of pension  scheme clients. The Company has a clear  strategic vision and goals for organic revenue  growth, a sound financial base, high quality  employees and the capability for scaling its  business model through appropriate and  timely investment and market consolidation.  In particular, the Board’s near-term strategy  addresses the potential of an increasing  market for de-risking services to defined  benefit pension schemes and the optimal use  in the defined contribution market of  Xafinity’s leading NPT master trust platform. Implementing the Board’s strategy for the  Group is an experienced and dynamic  management team, with an agile client-facing  corporate culture which puts the customer at  the heart of the Xafinity business, aligned  with colleagues united and motivated to go  the extra mile in delivering market leading  solutions to a diversified client base. I am confident that our business strategy and  strong management, allied with the can-do  culture and commitment of our colleagues,  will advance Xafinity’s client base and the  services