 Consolidated income statement 15 Consolidated statement of  comprehensive income 15 Consolidated statement of   financial position 16 Consolidated statement of   changes in equity 17 Consolidated statement of cash flows 18 Notes to the financial statements 19 Company statement of   financial position 36 Company statement of changes   in equity 37 Notes to the Company financial  statements 38 OTHER INFORMATION Notice of annual general meeting 42 Financial calendar 44 Our markets Nakama Group plc is a recruitment group of two branded solutions placing people  into specialist and management positions; the Nakama businesses operate in the  digital, creative, media, marketing and technology sectors all over the world from  offices in the UK, Asia, USA and Australia. The UK also specialises in the Financial  Services sector, specifically Business Change and IT in Insurance and Investment  Management currently in the UK. At Nakama, we’re in the business of people  solutions & consultancy and OUR VISION is to be the best people business on the  planet. Recruitment – permanent & contract, Search, Outsourcing & RPO, Project  Management, Research & insights, Consultancy - change management; people  development; EVP , are solutions / apps. – talent, payroll, Education, training   & learning Our consultants, contractors and applicants Our speciality is finding excellent career opportunities and assignments  for senior digital,IT, business and professional services talent. We are  constantly developing our relationships and networks to ensure we obtain the best  available positions for such talent, whilst ensuring that their skills and personalities  are compatible with the needs of our clients. OUR WHY – ultimately, it’s people who  transform, improve & grow business Our people At Nakama, we work hard to develop and maintain long-term relationships  with our clients, contractors and applicants. To do this, we focus on the  development and retention of our experienced staff to ensure they are among the  most knowledgeable in the industry, both in terms of recruitment best practice  and the niche markets in which Nakama operates. OUR HOW – Specialisation,  Technology, Network – all with the right people Group at a glance STOCK CODE: NAK | NAKAMA GROUP PLC WWW.NAKAMAGROUPPLC.COM 1 Nakama Group AR 2017 Proof 7.indd   1 04/08/2017   10:12:25 25474.04 – 4 August 2017 10:12 AM – Proof 7 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Financial results Group revenue for the year ended 31 March 2017 increased by   7 per cent. to £22.5m (2016: £21.0m) whereas Net Fee Income (“NFI”)  improved on the prior year by 8 per cent to £6.19m (2016: £5.73m). The  results over the past year have seen lower than expected performance  at a Group level. The investment in staff training and development and  the introduction of a new CRM system will enhance the results going  forward but had a direct effect on the Group results to March 2017. Whilst organic growth in the short to medium term will serve the  business well for the business to meet our long-term objectives, the  Board also continues to focus on identifying suitable businesses to  join the Group to enhance profitability, add new service lines and  geographies. Strategy Nakama Group’s strategy has continued to concentrate on providing  staffing solutions with two highly specialised businesses: Nakama  within the digital, creative, media, marketing and technology sectors  and the UK business within the financial services sector. The approach  focuses on delivering a local, regional and global solution. The business  continues to maintain this as fundamental but will look to broaden  the service offerings across the Group with an emphasis on providing  digital solutions to clients across recruitment, outsourcing, on site and  consultancy through the use of technology. It is the strategy of the  Board and management team to be a leading international specialist  within staffing, delivering a quality service to our customers and  candidates whilst creating a sustainable business for the long-term  benefit of all stakeholders. The management team has stabilized over the past year and is now  in a position to focus on delivering value to clients and shareholders  going forward. We continue to look to recruit further excellent, driven  individuals to meet our client and candidate needs. There are currently no new offices planned for the next financial year as  the Board intends to concentrate on improving the performance of the  current operations. Executives and staff The Group retains a strong team of very knowledgeable and long  serving staff and we look forward to continuing to build the Nakama  Group. The Board would like to acknowledge the loyalty and  commitment of all the staff to the Group and we are extremely grateful  for their efforts. Again we extend a very warm welcome to all new  members of the team. Outlook Trading in the first quarter has been in line with expectations. Whilst  the market sectors in which Nakama operates are in high demand, the  business needs stable local economies in the current trading locations,  stability in current staff numbers and the continued hiring of new sales  staff to deliver against less specialised but much larger competitors.  The Board looks to 2018 as a year in which the Group will seek to grow  organically and review other options to grow in terms of net fee income  and profit. Ken Ford  Chairman  3 August 2017 NAKAMA GROUP PLC  | STOCK CODE: NAK ANNUAL REPORT & FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017 2 Nakama Group AR 2017 Proof 7.indd   2 04/08/2017   10:12:25 25474.04 – 4 August 2017 10:12 AM – Proof 7