 64 Officers and professional advisers Visit our website: www.collagensolutions.com Operational highlights •  Commercial organisation delivered nine new  commercial agreements  •  Online US sales launch to provide additional access  to the research markets •  60% stake taken in Cre8ive Collagen to move into  Chinese market •  Strengthened executive team with key R&D, sales  and marketing, and general management hires •  Provisional patent for bone graft substitute filed •  Australian patent for sourcing ultra-thin processed  pericardium granted •  Balance sheet strengthened with up to £10.8 million  (gross) in equity and venture debt facility  •  Participation in second major Horizon 2020 project Financial highlights Revenue and other income  £4,090,549 2017 2016 2015 £4,090,549 £3,244,257 £1,035,500 LBITDA* £(1,259,361) 2017 2016 2015 £(1,259,361) £(410,016) £(689,816) Cash and cash equivalents £8,978,150 2017 2016 2015 £8,978,150 £2,493,146 £3,391,356 2017 2016 2015 Gross profit margin  75.1% 75.1% 74.1% 78.0% *  Before separately identifiable items. STRATEGIC REPORT 1 Annual report and accounts 2017 Collagen Solutions plc STRATEGIC REPORT At a glance Making strong progress A GLOBAL REGENERATIVE  BIOMATERIALS COMPANY SEPTEMBER Invited to participate in an upcoming  Horizon 2020 project, which will  enhance our scientific expertise  and provide us with funding. OCTOBER Appointed Kevin Darling as General  Manager of our New Zealand  operations, ensuring the continued  stability of a critical part of our business. JANUARY  Formed Scientific Advisory Board to  advise the Company on opportunities  in regenerative medicine and provide  guidance on the business. 2016 2017 Our core business is the supply, development and manufacture  of collagen and tissue-based materials and medical devices. Our vision Be the industry’s first choice for  regenerative biomaterials. Our mission Improving patients’ quality of life by: •  being a trusted partner with our customers; •  providing innovative biomaterial solutions; and •  passionate delivery from our global team. Our team We have scientific expertise and a collaborative  approach, providing a faster time to market,  improved production and a superior product  range for our customers. Our markets We serve three primary customer markets: research  and diagnostics, medical devices and regenerative  medicine. Within all of these customer segments,  over time we create sustainable value by becoming  ‘embedded’ in their critical processes. Our products  Our products are used in the following markets:  cardiovascular, orthopaedics, dental, wound healing,  research and other applications. 2 Collagen Solutions plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Global reach Collagen Solutions is a global business serving a diverse and expanding  customer base across North America, Asia Pacific and Europe. FEBRUARY  Raised up to £10.8 million, helping  us accelerate our strategic plans to  create significant shareholder value  by growing revenue five times within  five years. Brad Selman, VP Global Sales  and Marketing, appointed. MARCH Granted divisional patent coverage for  pericardium from the Australian Patent  Office. Patent coverage has also been  established in the US and New Zealand.  Chris Wattengel, VP Global Research and  Development, appointed. APRIL  Signed agreement to develop and  manufacture Smart Matrix ® , an  advanced wound care scaffold.  We’ve also delivered nine new  agreements in the year. Operations Sales office/logistics UK European regional  headquarters R&D, clean room  manufacturing  and distribution GLASGOW, SCOTLAND South Korea Asia Pacific  commercial office SEOUL New Zealand Asia Pacific regional  headquarters R&D, clean room  manufacturing  and distribution MARTON US Global commercial  headquarters R&D and distribution MINNEAPOLIS, MN Australia Logistics SYDNEY STRATEGIC REPORT 3 Annual report and accounts 2017 Collagen Solutions plc STRATEGIC REPORT Our products COLLAGEN FORMULATIONS  FOR PRECISE REQUIREMENTS We use natural collagen proteins and tissue to engineer regenerative  biomaterials and medical devices. MEDICAL-GRADE COLLAGEN •  Collagen is a primary structural protein in tissues  and provides a conducive environment for cells. •  Standard and custom formulations. •  Examples of uses: tissue engineering scaffolds,  medical device components and research assays. PERICARDIUM AND OTHER TISSUES •  Natural and semi-processed tissues with ideal  physical and biological properties for medical devices. •  Pericardium examples of uses: heart valves and  dental membranes. •  Additional sourcing of vessels, tendons, dermis  and bone. Pericardium Collagen fibres Collagen fibrils  Collagen molecules  (triple helices) Amino acid chains 8 hard work and what we have achieved together in the growth of  the business to date, and I look forward to continued interaction  via his continued membership of the Scientific Advisory Board. The Board is confident that we now have a team in place to  deliver the short to medium-term strategic goals and have also  strengthened our functional teams to drive product innovation  and take the business to the next level of growth. Our people As part of our vital initiatives for the coming year we are committed to  providing development opportunities for our employees and have  been working with them on individual employee development plans  to deliver the required targeted training to allow them to deliver  enhanced performance to the business in its growth phase. We value  feedback from our employees and carry out an annual survey to  measure our performance in this area. Overview Our Board and management team have continued to make positive  progress, delivering nine new commercial agreements, with strong  sales growth in Asia, where we established a regional sales office  in Seoul, and in Europe. We have also seen an increase in demand  for tissue biomaterials from our Australian and New Zealand  sources. The investment in the multi-purpose processing facility  in New Zealand last year has allowed product development and  prototyping to be carried out, which will generate further revenues  in the coming year. The quality of the customer pipeline