 Performance Highlights Page 6 Chesterfield Key  Operational boundary   Water service  Operational boundary   Sewerage service Skipton Bradford Leeds Wakefield Selby York Hull Bridlington Filey Scarborough Malton Northallerton Leyburn Harrogate Sheffield Doncaster Goole Withernsea Yorkshire Water at a Glance We provide some of life’s  most essential services to the  people and businesses of the  Yorkshire and Humberside  region, playing a key role in  the region’s health, wellbeing  and prosperity. We do this by supplying water and waste water services,  and being custodians of essential infrastructure and the  natural environment. We do all of this for about £1 a day for the average   customer, amongst the lowest water and waste water   bills in the country. Page 7 Introductions – Strategic Report – Governance – Independent Auditors’ Report – Statutory Financial Statements DOMESTIC CUSTOMERS 5 MILLION TREATMENT WORKS 671 SECOND LOWEST AVERAGE COMBINED DOMESTIC WATER AND WASTE WATER BILL IN THE UK 2016/17 £366 TO BE INVESTED BETWEEN   201 5 & 2020 £3.8 BILLION £ £ £ OF WATER COLLECTED,  TREATED AND SUPPLIED  EVERY DAY 1.3 BILLION LITRES OF WASTE WATER COLLECTED,  TREATED AND SAFELY RETURNED  TO THE ENVIRONMENT EVERY DAY 1 BILLION LITRES BUSINESS  CUSTOMER  PREMISES 140,000 2 , 700 COLLEAGUES OF LAND MUCH OF WHICH IS OPEN  FOR THE PUBLIC TO ENJOY 28,000 HECTARES 83 , 000km OF PIPEWORK 60GWh OF RENEWABLE   ELECTRICITY   GENERATED EACH YEAR AND GROWING Page 8 Chairman’s Statement Good progress was made  over the past year to further  improve the operational and  financial performance of  the Company, as well as the  quality of customer services  we provide.  Enhancing customer service In 2016/17, we met or exceeded 24 of our 26 Performance  Commitments – the priorities we agreed with our customers,  stakeholders and regulators at the last Price Review. For  example, we met our annual leakage reduction target,  reduced the number of serious pollution incidents and  continued to deliver excellent quality drinking water. We achieved our highest ever score in the water industry’s  comparative assessment for customer service, Ofwat’s Service  Incentive Mechanism (SIM). We were also recognised as a  leader in service by being ranked second of all the utilities in  the renowned, cross-sector, UK Customer Service Index. Also pleasing was the fact that we achieved the maximum five  star rating in Business in The Community’s annual Corporate  Responsibility Index, which externally benchmarks responsible  business practices amongst companies across the UK. This solid performance was delivered against the backdrop of  transformational change as we separated Yorkshire Water into  retail and wholesale entities to make the successful transition  to the new non-household retail market on 1 April 2017.  Both Yorkshire Water and our new retail arm, Yorkshire Water  Business Services, are performing well in the new  market place.  Investing for the future Excellent progress was made over the past 12 months to  recover those assets damaged by the floods of late 2015.  We remain on course to deliver the customer and  environmental benefits of our £3.8 billion investment  programme in the period 2015 to 2020. I welcomed Board approval of significant new investment  in the Company’s sludge treatment capabilities, with major  new anaerobic digestion facilities to be built at two of  the Company’s key sites in Leeds and Huddersfield. This  will ensure the more effective, efficient and sustainable  management of sludge in the Yorkshire region for decades to  come, as well as making us more self-sufficient in renewable  energy generation. Improving health and safety We have continued to further improve health, safety and  wellbeing across the Company, its contractor base and supply  chain. During 2016/17, a new Director of Health and Safety  was appointed and a new safety improvement strategy  approved by the Board. Working closely with Trade Unions,  ten new Life-Saving Rules were established and a range of  initiatives undertaken to further understand and address the  Company’s key operational and process safety risks. Looking ahead In the coming months, the Board will play a significant role in  the development of the Company’s new business plan for the  period 2020 to 2025, and beyond. As part of the Company’s  approach to the five-yearly regulatory Price Review in 2019,  the Board will be challenging the business to be innovative in  delivery, and give certainty to delivering the service benefits  our customers say they want. The Board has also seen changes in our independent  non-executive director representation. We welcomed Teresa  Robson-Capps and Julia Unwin to the Board and offered our  sincere thanks to Martin Havenhand, who retired after nine  years of service to the Company. We have also appointed   Ray O’Toole as senior independent director, filling the vacancy  I left after becoming Chairman. Over the next 18 months, we look forward to involving  customers, stakeholders and regulators in the development  of our next Price Review business plan with a view to further  transforming the region’s future relationship with water and  the environment. Anthony Rabin  Chairman  13 July 2017 Page 9 Introductions – Strategic Report – Governance – Independent Auditors’ Report – Statutory Financial Statements Chief Executive’s Overview Good progress This has been a positive year for Yorkshire Water and its  customers as we continue to make good progress towards  the delivery of our five-year business plan for the period 2015  to 2020. Our focus has continued to be on the affordable,  efficient and safe delivery of excellent customer services,   while fulfilling our environmental and social responsibilities. I would like to pay tribute to our colleagues who continue  to demonstrate great