 6 Highlights  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS · Revenue growth of 17% to £89.6m (2016: £76.3m)  - Cloud Services segment organic revenue growth of 10% (2016: 9%) · Adjusted EBITDA 1  growth of 13% to £36.6m (2016: £32.3m) · Adjusted profit before tax growth 2  of 18% to £22.4m (2016: £19.0m) · Adjusted diluted earnings per share 3  from operations increased by 18% to 16.99p (2016: 14.44p) · Cashflow from operations increased by 22% to £37.8m (2016: £30.9m) · Adjusted profit before tax 2  margins maintained at 25% (2016: 25%) · Proposed final dividend increased by 90% to 6.00p per share (2016: 3.15p per share)  OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS · Acquisition of Cristie Data during the year for a net consideration of £0.7m · Acquisition of Dediserve post year end for a consideration of €7.9m · Further investment in skills and accreditations to support broadening service offering · Strengthened relationships with Hypercloud vendors  Statutory Equivalents The above highlights are based on adjusted results. A full reconciliation between adjusted and  statutory results is contained within this statement. The statutory equivalents of the above results are  as follows: · Profit before tax growth of 13% to £14.7m (2016: £13.0m) · Basic earnings per share from operations increased by 9% to 11.27p (2016: 10.32p) 1 Throughout these financial statements adjusted EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) before share based payment charges, acquisition costs and in the previous  year the gain on revaluation of contingent consideration. Throughout these financial statements acquisition costs are defined as acquisition related costs and non-recurring acquisition integration costs.  2 Throughout these financial statements adjusted profit before tax is profit before tax, amortisation charges on acquired intangible assets, share based payment charges, mark to market adjustments  in respect of interest rate swaps, acquisition costs, interest on contingent consideration due and in the previous year the gain on revaluation of contingent consideration and the accelerated write off of  arrangement fees on the bank borrowing facility which was restructured in the previous year. 3 Throughout these financial statements adjusted diluted earnings per share is earnings per share before amortisation charges on acquired intangible assets, share based payment charges, mark to market  adjustments in respect of interest rate swaps, acquisition costs, interest on contingent consideration due and in the previous year the gain on revaluation of contingent consideration and the accelerated  write off of arrangement fees on the bank borrowing facility which was restructured in the previous year, including the taxation effect of these.  iomart Group plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chairman's Statement 7 We have once again seen another year of excellent performance for our shareholders. Not only have we maintained our  relative level of organic growth in our Cloud Services segment, our Easyspace segment has also returned to organic growth  after declining a little last year.  Both of those elements of organic growth plus the acquisition of Cristie during the year, which we have allocated to a new Non- recurring Revenue segment, together with the full year contributions of SystemsUp and United Hosting has meant we have  maintained our overall level of revenue growth for the year. In May, after the end of our financial year we purchased Dediserve  and we believe that there will be other opportunities to allow us to continue to add to our organic growth through acquisition. We have again enjoyed a substantial increase in profitability over the year, driven by that organic and acquisitive revenue  growth. All of this progress is a result of a great deal of hard work by our executives and staff and I thank them all on behalf of the Board  and the shareholders for their efforts over the year. Sarah Haran, who has served as an executive director of iomart throughout the time the Group has been listed on AIM, decided  to step down from the Board at the end of this financial year. She has given many years of loyal and valuable service to the  Group and on behalf of all shareholders I thank her warmly for her service. After nearly 6 years of first class commitment and service, Crawford Beveridge has chosen not to stand for re-election as  Non-Executive Director at our forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Both personally and on behalf of everyone connected  with the Group, I want to thank him for his valuable contribution to the development of iomart over the years. The search for  a replacement for Crawford is at an advanced stage and we expect to be in a position to make an announcement about this  in the near future. As we indicated in our trading update which was issued at the end of March we have decided to improve our dividend policy  to reflect the ongoing growth that we have been delivering, the level of cash we generate, and the confidence we continue to  have in our future prospects. We had previously committed to paying up to 25% of our adjusted diluted earnings per share by  way of dividend and last year our pay-out ratio was 22%. We have now increased the upper limit of dividend pay-out to 40%  and the Board is proposing to pay a final dividend of 6.0p per share on 6 September 2017 to shareholders on the register on  11 August 2017, based on an ex-dividend date of 10 August 2017. This represents an increase of 90% over the dividend last  year and equivalent to a pay-out ratio of 35% of adjusted diluted earnings per share. We continue to offer shareholders the  option to participate in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) as an alternative to receiving cash. Details of the DRIP scheme will  be distributed with the annual accounts in due course.  We have started the new financial year in a strong position and I look forward to