 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 16 The diversification of our veterinary  business has continued with the  acquisitions of Eye Vet Referrals and Dick   White Referrals, bringing the number of  specialist referral centres in the Group   to four. Joining Northwest Veterinary  Specialists and Anderson Moores, The  Eye Vet is a dedicated ophthalmology  practice, while Dick White Referrals is one  of the largest specialist veterinary centres  in Europe, offering outstanding levels of  clinical care in state-of-the-art facilities.  We have identified opportunities to  expand our network of specialist referral  centres to give us nationwide coverage  and to maximise this opportunity we have  established a new Specialist Division  alongside our existing First Opinion  Division in the expanded Vet Group.  Management  Following the appointment of Ian Kellett  as Group Chief Executive in April 2016,   we appointed Mike Iddon as Group Chief  Financial Officer in October 2016. Mike  joined the Group from New Look, where  he had been the Chief Financial Officer.  He has a wealth of experience in the   retail sector having previously held senior  finance positions at Tesco plc. He  qualified as a Chartered Accountant  with Arthur Andersen. As a consequence  of Mike’s appointment, Mark Adams,   who had been an excellent Interim   Chief Financial Officer, left the Group in  November 2016. I would like to welcome  Mike to the business and to thank Mark  for his stewardship as Interim CFO. We recognise the significant potential   that exists for the Group, particularly   in the veterinary sector, and have  therefore made a number of changes   to the responsibilities of our Executive  Management Team to give us better   focus as we enter the new financial   year. Sally Hopson, who was CEO of our  Services Division, will exclusively drive   the development of our Vet Group. Peter  Pritchard, CEO of our Retail Division, will  assume responsibility for Grooming, while  pet insurance services transfers to Mike  Iddon, CFO. Louise Stonier will extend   her remit to cover people in a new role   as Chief People and Legal Officer.  Colleagues It is a shared passion for pets that forms  the special bond between our business,  our colleagues and our customers. I would  again like to thank all our colleagues, in  every part of the business, for their hard  work and dedication in a more challenging  economic environment.  With the adoption of the National Living  Wage we made no distinction between  colleagues based on age alone and we  have maintained our Earn As You Learn  approach which rewards retail colleagues  further as they develop their knowledge   and specialism. In Grooming we saw our  first apprentices complete their training   and emerge as qualified stylists. And  among our veterinary professionals   we have launched apprenticeships   for veterinary nurses, with the first   cohort beginning their training at   Dick White Referrals. Looking forward The UK pet market has a track record  of resilience in more difficult economic  times. While we take nothing for granted,  the Board believes we have the right  strategy and a strong and experienced  team to lead the organisation successfully  through the more uncertain period ahead.  Accordingly, we remain confident in the  outlook for the Group. Tony DeNunzio Non-Executive Chairman  25 May 2017 “ As part of developing a Clinical  Governance Framework for our  first opinion practices, it was  important to me that I spend time  in our practices and referral  centres, getting to know clinicians  in all parts of the business. This  was crucial to furthering my  knowledge of their day to day  operations and helping our Vet  Group develop a framework   that ensures our vets maintain  complete clinical freedom, whilst  at the same time being able to  better support them in achieving  the best clinical standards.” Tessa Green  Independent Non-Executive Director   Our Non-Executive Directors   frequently spend time in the business,  supplementing their knowledge of our  strategy, operations and colleagues.  Tessa Green, in her role as Chairman of  the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)  and Pets Before Profit Committees, has  focused on furthering her knowledge of  operations that have significance for the  Group’s ethical, social and environmental  impacts. During her time with Pets at  Home, this has included a number of  visits to our first opinion vet practices and  specialist referral centres, as the CSR  Committee worked towards developing   a Clinical Governance Framework.   (See page 55 for further details).  Governance report – page 60 Board in action Strategic report Overview 17 Pets at Home Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017  We continue to operate  successfully in a growing  market, taking share,   and are the only UK   pet business able to   deliver an integrated  merchandise, services   and omnichannel offer.” Market review 1 The UK pet market has increased its rate  of growth over the past two years to a CAGR  of 4.5% and was worth £6.8bn in calendar  year 2016. This step forward has been  driven by faster growth in the veterinary,  insurance and accessories segments.  The veterinary market grew at a CAGR of  5.6% over this same period, which is being  driven by the widening availability of more  complex procedures and diagnostics,  supported by increasing numbers of pet  owners with