 107  Notes to the financial statements Additional information 156 Business analysis – Group 160 Business analysis – London 161 Business analysis – Retail 162 Sustainability reporting 168 Combined Portfolio analysis 170 Lease lengths 171  Development pipeline and trading property  development schemes 172 Alternative performance measures 172 Five year summary 174  Acquisitions, disposals and   capital expenditure 175 Remuneration policy 180 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 183 Shareholder information 186 Key contacts and advisers 187 Glossary IBC Cautionary statement A breath of  fresh air 2 Landsec Annual Report 2017 We design our buildings to be healthy, efficient  and productive spaces. Which is why our  ventilation system at The Zig Zag Building  supplies air as fresh as you’d find at the coast.  At Bluewater, our upgraded system is so  effective we’ve turned off the air conditioning.  That’s cut costs and energy use, and helps make  the place even more inviting for visitors. 3 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report This year brought political, social and  economic uncertainty. That affected our  markets, weakening demand for space.  Put simply , our markets don’t know  what’s next. In London, the office market reached  a turning point. Supply-constrained  conditions eased and the vacancy rate  rose, with the Brexit vote a catalyst   for change. In the retail sector, a range of factors  impacted retailers’ confidence, from   the threat of cost inflation to online  sales growth. But we also saw opportunities.  Successful businesses continued to look  for innovative, technically resilient space  in London. And in retail, there remained  continued demand from dynamic brands  for new and repurposed space in the   best locations. Our year 4 Landsec Annual Report 2017 We also saw the continuation of  four long-term trends – each driven  by expectation, each creating  opportunities for us: Smart office occupiers expect   their work environment to deliver  business benefits. That includes  operational efficiency, but it’s also  about attracting, inspiring and  enabling talent. People expect more from their shopping  experience. Destination centres must   go way beyond convenience and choice  and provide a truly memorable day   (and night ) out. People also expect the best  businesses to lead on creating better  environmental and social outcomes.  That means recognising the deeper,  long-term effects of decisions  and actions. And talented employees expect a  great career experience. Which is why  a compelling employer brand is an  increasingly valuable asset. Designed with care We work to create memorable  customer experiences while  minimising our impact. For  example, at 1 New Street Square  smart design choices saved 200  tonnes of carbon and reduced  material costs by more than  £600,000. 5 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report Employer brand We aim to provide employees with  a great career experience, so we’re  delighted to be one of Property  Week’s ‘Best Places to Work in  Property’ list – the only listed REIT  included in their list. Film stars Destination centres give people  plenty of reasons to spend time as  well as money. Which is why you’ll  now find 28 boutique and multiplex  cinemas within our Retail Portfolio. Blend of experience It’s vital our team has the right  blend of experience, skills and  knowledge – including at the top.  This year, Nicholas Cadbury joined  the Board, further enhancing our  financial and consumer expertise. Community impact We’ve launched the UK’s first  scaffolding academy inside a  prison, helping offenders at   HMP Brixton get the skills and  experience they need to find  employment outside – reducing   the risk of re-offending. Lighting up London At Piccadilly Lights we’re creating  Europe’s most technically advanced  digital screen, giving customers  extraordinary new ways to interact  with two million people each week. Healthy HQ From collaborative working spaces  and smart acoustics to a healthy  food bar, our new HQ in Victoria  has transformed the workplace  experience for our employees. Knowing our market From smart technologies  embedded in buildings to more  flexible leases, we’re using our  experience to prepare now for what  our customers will need tomorrow. 6 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Girls Can Do It Too The proportion of female workers  in UK construction is just 11%. To  give young women an experience  of working in construction, our  Girls Can Do It Too project invited  students at two girls’ schools  to plan, design and model a  development, pitching their   ideas to a panel of ‘dragons’ . Jobs change lives At our Lewisham shopping   centre we’re supporting an  innovative approach to work  experience, helping young people  gain skills, develop self-discipline  and find jobs. Multi-channel  opportunities Fashionista Missguided opens at  Bluewater this summer, part of the  trend for online retailers to provide  a deeper brand experience through  physical stores.  Insights drive  relationships By working to understand the  business, we’ve helped TripAdvisor  grow. Their customer experience  has inspired them to triple space   with us at Soho Square and  commit through to 2023. 7 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report Nova shines  bright  We’ve created a stunning new destination in the heart  of SW1, with landmark office space and an array of  eateries making this a stylish and delicious place to  work, visit and play. 17 new restaurants and three   pop-up kiosks are set to open this summer, together  with hundreds of alfresco dining seats. Pedestrianisation,  public art and striking architecture complete the  transformation of this