 02 Strategic Report The world is changing faster   than at any time Convenience, speed and flexibility are key   in today’s retail environment. Our strategy  is to sell products whenever and wherever  customers want. Our supermarkets offer customers a comprehensive mix of food,  general merchandise and clothing. Our smaller convenience stores  are located where our customers live and work, with a product mix  designed for regular top-up shopping and to meet their day-to- day needs.  We have a well-established and growing online offer that allows  customers to shop from the comfort of their home, or on the go via  a mobile phone or tablet, opting for either convenient delivery to  their home or to Click & Collect from our stores.  Our acquisition of Home Retail Group plc has accelerated our  strategy. Customers now have access to Argos products, market- leading Argos digital channels and delivery systems. Argos’s  unique Hub and Spoke supply chain network and Fast Track  delivery and collection service are points of competitive advantage.  Read more about our market context on page 6 Whenever and wherever 10% 151 Groceries Online Click   & Collect points 26 m+ weekly customer  transactions 809 Convenience  stores 207 Digital Collection points   for Tu clothing, eBay, DPD  and, in 90 stores, Argos 276,000 Average number of   customer orders made  through Groceries Online  channel per week   of Groceries Online  orders made   through new app  59 Argos Digital stores  in Sainsbury’s  supermarkets 11 Habitat stores, including   four standalone and   seven Mini Habitats in  Sainsbury’s 605 Sainsbury’s  supermarkets * All numbers are correct at the time of signing   the Annual Report and Acounts.  03 Strategic Report Our business  model How we create value and build customer loyalty We achieve this by listening to our customers and anticipating their  needs. We deliver quality products and great value through multiple  channels and are there for our customers whenever and wherever  they want to shop.  Our values make us different and underpin everything we do, from  sourcing with integrity to helping our customers lead healthier  lives and providing a great place to work. Our colleagues make the  difference, anchoring us in our communities and connecting us to  the lives of our customers, day in, day out. Power of the Sainsbury’s Group  We are one of the largest retailers of quality food, general merchandise,  clothing and financial services in the UK and we believe people  trust the Sainsbury’s brand. Customers can shop with us whenever  and wherever they want and we have a logistics network that gives  us market-leading product availability in-store and online.  A great place to work Sourcing with integrity Respect for our environment Living healthier lives Making a positive difference  to our community Our values key Our business model is designed to create  value for our shareholders, customers and  colleagues, both now and in the future. Supply chain Our business is built on excellent, often long-standing relationships with our  suppliers. We source Sainsbury’s branded products from the UK and over 70  other countries, according to the ability of suppliers to meet our regularly audited  quality, safety and ethical standards. The investment we make in our farmer  and grower Development Groups, R&D programme and Apprenticeship Scheme  supports the British agricultural sector and encourages young talent into British  farming. We are also the world’s largest retailer of fairly traded products.  Logistics We have invested in our logistics capability and capacity to ensure we can meet  our customers’ requirements for flexible, convenient shopping now and in the  future. Across Sainsbury’s and Argos we operate 34 distribution centres. They  cover our store and online businesses, across food, general merchandise and  clothing, making home and store deliveries seven days per week. Argos’s unique  Hub and Spoke logistics network enables us to fulfil Fast Track same day deliveries  – to a customer’s home or to a store for collection. Channels Customer shopping habits are changing and our multi-channel proposition  gives people the flexibility to shop with us whenever and wherever they want.  We have over 2,200 supermarkets, convenience stores and Argos stores across  the UK and Ireland and we have made it easy and convenient to shop on the go  using our mobile apps. In fact, almost 20 per cent of Sainsbury’s Group sales now  originate online. We have General Merchandise & Clothing businesses of scale  and Sainsbury’s Bank is a growing, strategic part of our business. What makes us different We are a multi-product, multi-channel  business with a strong, differentiated   food proposition and respected brands  in Sainsbury’s, Sainsbury’s Bank, Argos   and Habitat.  We benefit from a structurally  advantaged store estate, world-class  property assets, an efficient supply  chain and a market-leading digital  presence with fast delivery networks.  All this is underpinned by customer  insights that enable us to adapt our  business to customers’ changing lives.  08 Strategic Report Food is at the heart of our business. We  continue to improve the quality and ranging  of our grocery offer and with great products  at fair prices, we have a clearly differentiated  proposition in an increasingly competitive  market. With the acquisition of Home Retail  Group plc, owner of Argos (including Argos  Financial Services) and Habitat, we have  created one of the UK’s leading retailers in  food, general merchandise, clothing and  financial services providing customers with  a choice, breadth and quality of product  whenever and wherever they shop with us.  We have also successfully implemented a