 4 Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Group at a Glance Overview The Group operates across the breadth   of the waste management value chain,  including the collection, treatment, processing  and disposal of waste and recyclable  materials, as well as the production and  sale of energy derived from waste and  the sale of recovered commodities such   as paper, glass, metals and plastic. The Group’s services are organised   across four operating divisions:   Industrial & Commercial (I&C);   Municipal; Resource Recovery   & Treatment (RR&T); and Energy. The I&C division provides services to  corporate, industrial, commercial and public  sector customers, including waste and  recyclables collection, sorting, processing  and transfer of materials for reprocessing,  energy recovery or disposal.  Our four operating divisions Industrial & Commercial  (I&C) Key facts Comprehensive UK national network • Over 95% UK postcode coverage • Critical mass of 65 depots, and 29 waste  transfer stations and processing facilities • Over 1, 100 front line vehicles and   2,700 employees Broad service offering • Collections: scheduled, on demand and  reactive nationwide collections of all major  categories of waste, including general  waste; mixed and segregated recyclables;  food waste and other services including  confidential and clinical waste • On-site waste management   and consultancy • Producer responsibility   compliance services Customer breakdown • 72,000 customers • National multi-site customers: UK wide  coverage allows access to high contract  value corporate customers who typically  require services across their entire estate  The Group operates  across the breadth of  the waste management  supply chain 5 www.biffa.co.uk Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Overview The Municipal division offers household  waste and recycling collection and  associated services on behalf of local  governments across the UK.  The Energy division is a significant provider  of renewable energy with 91.2MW of  installed energy generation capacity. The  Energy division comprises the Group’s  energy production operations generating  gas from landfill and from food waste via  anaerobic digestion (AD). The RR&T division focuses on the treatment,  recycling and disposal of waste. It provides   a number of treatment services for those  materials that can be recovered, and landfill  disposal for those that are not suitable for  recycling or energy recovery.  Municipal Resource Recovery &  Treatment (RR&T) Energy Key facts Soil Treatment and Composting (STC)  12 operational facilities which treat materials  that would otherwise have to be sent to  landfill. Products include sand, aggregates,  soils and compost. Materials Recovery Facilities (MRFs)  Two automated facilities capable of handling  400k tonnes of mixed recycling. The   facilities sort dry mixed recyclables to make  them suitable for use as secondary raw  materials in manufacturing processes. Hazardous Waste  A national collection, transfer and treatment  of hazardous waste materials operated from  1 1 facilities. Materials handled include acids,  alkalis, light bulbs, aerosols and various other  hazardous materials. Polymers  A leading producer of recycled plastic  compounds from its facility in Teesside.  Products include HDPE plastic used in   the production of milk bottles and food   trays – the first of its kind in the UK at its   time of opening. Landfill Disposal  Biffa operates 1 1 landfill sites across the UK,  primarily accepting waste that cannot be  recycled or used for energy recovery. Waste  is safely buried in facilities operated to the  highest environmental standards. Key facts Landfill Gas Biffa captures and cleans landfill gas from  34 open and closed landfill sites and uses  it to generate electricity that is exported  either to private customers or the   National Grid. Anaerobic Digestion (AD) Biffa treats food waste to generate  methane biogas which is used to   generate electricity for export to either  private customers or the National Grid. Key facts Service Offering • Household waste and recycling collection • Street cleansing and ancillary services • Management of household waste and  recycling centres Contracts • 2.5 million households served • Contracts are secured through public  tenders with local governments. Biffa  currently holds 37 contracts servicing   41 local governments across the UK • Contracts are typically 7–10 years in  duration, with opportunities to extend   for a further 7 + years • Biffa has a long history of constructive  relationships with trades unions,   our local government customers   and the communities that we serve www.biffa.co.uk 8 Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chairman’s Letter Dear Shareholder It is a pleasure to introduce Biffa’s first annual  report, following the Group’s return to the  public markets in October 2016. This was  achieved in uncertain IPO market conditions  in the aftermath of the widely unexpected  Brexit result. The confidence shown in Biffa  by existing and new shareholders alike was  therefore hugely gratifying. The Group Executive Team, ably led by CEO  Ian Wakelin, have transformed the Group’s  prospects in recent years; a relentless focus  on customer retention and acquisition,  operational delivery and safety has resulted   in consistent improvements in profitability.  A detailed business plan is in place to  continue to drive Biffa’s growth over the  coming years, both organically and through   a selective pipeline of synergistic acquisitions  in markets that we thoroughly understand.  Biffa has an experienced and highly  respected management team, around 7500  dedicated employees and now also the  capital structure is in place to continue to  evolve the business over the coming years. Biffa is in a good financial position, with a robust balance sheet and