 10 N Brown Group plc   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (%) GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (%) GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (%)  SECONDARY BRANDS TRADITIONAL SEGMENT FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (M) GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (M) GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (M) Secondary Brands focus on distinct  customer niches which are not served  by our Power Brands. These brands  have significant customer loyalty, good  growth prospects and are increasingly  online. We view our Power Brands as  having the greatest growth potential  medium term, however, and therefore  our focus here is predominantly on our  existing customers. REVENUE GROWTH (%)  1.6% REVENUE PERFORMANCE (M) £155.2m The titles in this segment are focused  on serving our loyal, traditional and  typically more mature customers.  These customers tend to prefer  paper-based marketing, such as  catalogues and direct-mail offers.   This is an attractive and accessible  market, underserved by other retailers,  and whilst not a future growth driver  we generate a good financial return.  REVENUE GROWTH (%)  1.3% REVENUE PERFORMANCE (M) £134.2m An important part of our overall  proposition, strengthening customer  loyalty and enabling our retail business  to thrive. In order to offer our  customers excellent convenience and  choice, we allow customers to either  pay us immediately or utilise a credit  account for their purchases, spreading  the cost of their purchases over time. REVENUE GROWTH (%)  0.4% REVENUE PERFORMANCE (M) £260.5m  More detail p40 More detail p40 More detail p41 18% 15% 29% All revenue figures on this page are on a 52 week basis. For reconciliation to statutory 53 week figures please see page 44. N Brown Group plc   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 11 Strategic report A year of  encouraging  progress CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT “The transformative  changes we have  made over the past  few years have  started to deliver  results, as we benefit  from our new-found  trading agility.” Andrew Higginson Chairman This year saw the first benefits come  through from the material changes to  people, processes and systems we have  made to the business. After a challenging  first half, the Board is pleased with the  trading momentum seen in the second  half, with the Group outperforming  the wider market over the key peak  trading period.  I continue to be impressed by the sheer  quantum of change that has occurred  in the business over the past few years.  Whilst the process of transformation  has not been without its challenges,  the business is now in a much stronger  position, with a far more sustainable  model for the future. In September we gained our full FCA  authorisation. This was an important  milestone for the Group and marked  the successful end to a lengthy and  thorough process.  This coming year will be another  important one for the Group. We remain  on track to complete the final stages of  our systems programme by Summer 2018  although, as has been the case throughout  the programme, our first priority is risk  minimisation, not speed of delivery at  any cost.  12 N Brown Group plc   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 BOARD DIVERSITY  Male Female 6 3 BOARD COMPOSITION  Non-Executive Directors 7 2 Executive Directors We continue to innovate and improve our  ways of working to ensure we continually  put the customer at the centre of  everything we do. We have a strong  business, with a loyal customer base and  good growth prospects.  Dividend  Whilst continuing to invest in the business  to secure our future growth, we also  continue to recognise the importance  of cash returns to our shareholders.  We intend to pay a final dividend of 8.56p  this year, taking the total dividend to  14.23p – unchanged from last year. Board composition  In October I was pleased to welcome  Richard Moross to the Board as a  Non-Executive Director. Richard is the  founder and CEO of Moo.com and brings  significant expertise in digital retailing  and technology.  Following her appointment to the board of  Newell Brands Inc in the USA, Fiona Laird  has indicated her intention to step down  from the Board as soon as a suitable  replacement has been found. External  consultants have been engaged and an  announcement will be made in due course. After 23 years’ service, Ivan Fallon has  indicated his intention to retire and he will  therefore not be seeking re-election to the  Board at this year’s AGM. The Board and I  would like to thank Ivan for his outstanding  contribution over many years and to wish  him well for the future. Outlook  The past year has seen unprecedented  changes in the macro-economic landscape  which remains challenging for retail. This  manifests itself in our cost prices through  inflation, particularly in fuel, our product  costs as a result of exchange rate changes,  and the disposable income of our  customers. Against this backdrop we  remain vigilant over our core costs and  efficiencies. £887.7 m Revenue (52 week basis) £88.3m Adjusted operating profit  (52 week basis) Progress made in 2017 Overall online penetration of 69%,  up 4ppts, with 77% of new customers  now coming to us online.  Active customer accounts +0.7% to  4.30m; within this, Power Brands active  customer accounts 2. 17m, up 1.2%. Received our highest ever customer  satisfaction score and are now ranked  number two across the UK retail sector.  Ladieswear revenue up 4.2% over the  year, and 10.4% in the second half.