 Highlights Adjusted profit before tax (£m) 1 £17.7m Return on equity 2 27 .2% Overheads as % of revenue  56.9% Return on assets 2   20.1% Impairment as % of revenue  24.4% Adjusted earnings per share  10.8p Strategic Highlights  – All agents now using tablets to ensure  the highest levels of compliance, quality  lending and customer outcomes.   – Developed a broader range of  products with the introduction of  cashless lending (Morses Club Card)  and online lending (Dot Dot Loans).  – Developed our core business and  supplemented it with 105 new agent  territory builds in the year.  – Completed 7 acquisitions with  a gross receivables value of  £6.8m with full integration into  our core loans platform and  credit policy regimes. Operational Highlights  – Customer base grew from 198k  to 216k, an increase of 9%.  – Net receivables grew from £56.8m  to £61.2m, an increase of 8%.  – Achieved year on year sales  (credit issued) growth of 18%.  – Managed impairment at 24.4%  (FY16: 20.8%) – comfortably within  our target range of 22.0% to 27 .0%.  – Delivered cost-efficiency  improvements, with costs as a  percentage of income declining  from 58.9% to 56.9%. Reported profit before tax (£m) £11.2m Reported earnings per share 6.6p 1 A reconciliation between adjusted and reported PBT is provided on page 15 2 Return on assets and return on equity are calculated based on adjusted PBT less a notional tax rate of 21% Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Annual Report and Accounts 2017 1 At a Glance Our vision is to become the UK’s  market-leading, non-standard credit  company, with our customers at the  very heart of our business.  As an established, relationship-driven  consumer finance provider, we focus  on responsible lending and fair, helpful  service to meet the needs of customers  with complex credit histories throughout  the UK. What We Do Our customers are usually ineligible  for credit from mainstream lenders.  By offering small, affordable loans of  up to £1,000, either in cash or on a  Morses Club Card, we proudly provide  our customers with an essential service. The Group is currently in the process of  obtaining its full regulatory permissions  with the Financial Conduct Authority  (FCA) and continues to operate  under interim permissions. We operate  primarily via a network of self-employed  agents from the same communities as  their customers. Loans are finalised in  person by a Morses Club agent who  then collects the repayments each  week. These personal connections allow  us to know our customers and their  needs, developing strong relationships  that often endure for many years.  Treating Customers Fairly We are a responsible lender and our  commitment to fair customer treatment  is woven throughout our business.  In independent satisfaction surveys,  over 95% of both employees and agents  said they understood the importance  of treating customers fairly. Every time a customer borrows from  us, their agent conducts an affordability  check with them in person, helping  to ensure good customer outcomes.  We make our rates clear and never  charge missed or late payment fees   or interest. Our customer-centric  approach to lending helps to keep   our customer satisfaction scores  consistently high. Investment Opportunity:  – Experienced executive team  – c.80 years of Home Collected  Credit experience  – No. 2 market share, c.216,000  customers across the UK  – Highly invested IT platform,  widening product offering   and improving infrastructure  – Well placed to capitalise  on regulatory-driven  market consolidation  – Untapped market potential   of c.8m people  – Focus on loan quality  – Cash generative business model  that allows for a progressive  dividend policy  This report covers Morses Club PLC, Shelby Finance  Limited (trading as Dot Dot Loans) and Shopacheck  Financial Services Limited (together the “Group” and  “Morses Club”).  The report gives greater emphasis to matters   significant to Morses Club PLC and its subsidiary  undertakings when viewed as a whole.  Strategic Report Morses Club PLC 2 c.1,800 agents operating  throughout  the UK     Location of Agents 1 2 4 5 3 6 7 8 9 Where We Operate Morses Club operates through a series  of local branches based all over the UK.  Our field management team operate  from these branches, working with  our network of self-employed agents.  Our central support centre is based  in Birstall, near Leeds. 98 branch locations 617 employees c.1,800 self-employed agents    Branch locations 1 Northern Ireland 2 Scotland 3 North East 4 Yorkshire 5 North West 6 Midlands 7 London & South East 8 Wales & South West 9 South Yorkshire and East Midlands Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Annual Report and Accounts 2017 3 Customer Satisfaction During FY17 March 2016 April May June July August September October November December January 2017 February 96% 98.5% 97% 98% 96% 96.5% 95% 98% 95.5% 97% 98% 96% Chairman’s Statement T oday’s Business is Built on a Proud Heritage The Group’s shares were first admitted  to trading on AIM on 5 May 2016. The Company has achieved the main  strategic objectives which were set  by the Board at the time of the Initial  Public Offering (IPO), namely the  implementation of the Morses Club  Card and the purchase of Shelby  Finance Limited, whose online system  has been used as the platform for the  recent launch of our online lending  product trading as Dot Dot Loans. As a  result of these investments, the Group