 4 Air Partner plc  |  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Overview Chairman’s statement The  Group  has  a  clear  long-term  strategy  to  become  a  world-class  global  aviation  services  group.  Great  progress  has  been  made  since  we  began  this  transformation  in  2014,  and  the  period  under  review  has  been  no  exception.  Indeed,  it  has  perhaps  been  the  most  active  and  successful  period  we  have  experienced  during  my  12  years  at  Air  Partner. I  am  pleased  to  report  a  strong  performance  for  the  year  ended  31  January  2017.  Gross  profit  rose  by  16.3%  to  £31.7m,  underlying  profit  before  tax  increased  by  17.2%  to  £5.1m  and  reported  profit  before  tax  by  38.6%  to  £4.3m. As  I  have  mentioned  in  prior  reports,  in  2014  we  took  a  thoughtful  and  critical  look  at  our  industry  to  evaluate  not  only  our  own  market  position,  but  the  challenges  and  opportunities  that  lie  ahead.  As  part  of  that  process,  we  undertook  an  extensive  programme  of  engagement  with  our  staff  and  customers  to  understand  not  only  their  needs,  but  their  expectations  of  us.  No  stone  was  left  unturned  and  we  looked  far  into  the  future  to  assess  what  we  wanted  to  be,  where  we  wanted  to  be,  and  just  as  importantly,  where  we  did  not  want  to  be.  We  formed  a  long-term  strategy  that  places  the  customer  first  and  has  the  power  to  transform  our  business  model,  reducing  volatility  and  improving  the  overall  quality  of  our  earnings.  This  year,  the  results  of  this  long-term  strategy  are  beginning  to  emerge. Maintaining a progressive dividend We  are  proposing  a  final  dividend  of  3.6p,  taking  the  full  year  dividend  to  5.2p,  an  increase  of  7.2%  and  equivalent  to  1.3  times  dividend  cover.  Our  policy  is  to  target  cover  between  1.5  and  2.0  times  underlying  earnings  per  share.  Cover  this  year  is  below  that  range,  due  to  a  £0.4m  prior  year,  one-off  adjustment  for  tax.  Subject  to  approval  at  the  AGM  on  28  June  business 6 Air Partner plc  |   Annual  Report  and  Accounts  2017 Explaining our business Group at a glance Air  Partner  is  a  global  aviation  charter  specialist  and  an  expert  in  safety  consulting  and  training.  On  the  aircraft  charter  side,  clients  include  corporate  customers  (such  as  sports  teams  and  tour  operators),  governments  and  high  net  worth  individuals,  who  require  our  skills  and  expertise  to  solve  often  complex  aviation  requirements. For  our  Consulting  &  Training  business,  clients  include  airlines,  defence  organisations  and  aviation  authorities  globally. 257  aviation  professionals 24 / 7  service 20  countries 55  years  of  avaition  experience 4  continents Only publicly  listed  air  charter  broker  and  safety  consultancy Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements 7 Air Partner plc  |  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 B ROK I NG 82% CO N S U LTI N G & TRAI N I N G 18 % COMMERCIAL JETS PRIVATE JETS FREIGHT CLOCKWORK RESEARCH 57% BAINES SIMMONS 100% 4% 39% Broking Commercial Jets 57% Aircraft  charter  (20-500  passengers) for  governments,  corporates,  sports  and  entertainment  teams,  industrial,  manufacturing  customers  and  tour  operators.  Also  includes  Air  Partner  Remarketing  and  short-term  aircraft  leasing  services. Private Jets 39% Small  aircraft  and  jets  charter  (up  to  19  passengers)  for  corporates,  high  net  worth  individuals  and  governments,  for  both  business  and  leisure.  Bespoke  service  and  prepaid  JetCard  product  for  access  to  private  jets. Freight 4% Cargo  transport  aircraft 