 Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable Unquenchable  01 A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Accounts Strategic Report Corporate Governance We have made considerable   progress across the business   over the last 12 months and   delivered a solid financial  performance in volatile and   uncertain market conditions. Revenue £257.1m (0.6)% Proﬁt before tax £43.1m +4.4% EBITDA margin* 20.1% +0.6% See page 14 for our Strategy in Action€ Strategic Report I am pleased to present A.G. BARR  p.l.c.’s Annual Report for the year   ended 28 January 2017. The report  provides an overview of our business  model and a comprehensive review of  our strategy, its execution, our ﬁnancial  performance and information on how  we govern our business.  We have made considerable progress  across the business over the last 12  months and delivered a solid ﬁnancial  performance in volatile and uncertain  market conditions. We will continue   to seek opportunities to grow our  business and I believe we are well   placed to continue to deliver consistent  long-term shareholder value. Roger White Chief Executive Net cash  £9.7m Earnings per share 30.78p +3.9% Full year dividend per share* 14.40p +8.0% *  Items marked with an asterisk are non-GAAP measures. Deﬁnitions and relevant reconciliations are provided in the Glossary on pages 130 to 132.  The term “underlying” has been used to improve comparability between the 52 week reporting period ended 28 January 2017 and the 53 weeks  ended 30 January 2016. In the 53 week reporting period ended 30 January 2016 the Group received non-recurring income associated to the  termination of the Orangina franchise and incurred one-oŽ transaction fees associated to corporate development activities including Funkin Limited.  The underlying ﬁgures for the 53 week reporting period ended 30 January 2016 have been adjusted for the revenue and proﬁt associated to  week 53 and the non-recurring Orangina franchise and one-oŽ corporate development transaction fees.  The underlying ﬁgures for the period ended 28 January 2017 are the reported ﬁgures before exceptional items as disclosed in the consolidated  20% 04 A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report A strong platform   for the future The announcement of a soft drinks  sugar tax in the Chancellor’s budget   in March 2016, and the devaluation of  sterling following the UK’s referendum  vote to leave the European Union in  June, added additional external  headwinds in a soft drinks market  already impacted by price deﬂation.  Despite these macro external inﬂuences,  the business has retained a clear focus   on the execution of its strategy and in  particular on internal improvement actions.  Financially, the business has delivered  another solid performance with proﬁt  before tax and exceptional items* of  £42.4m, an increase of 2.7% on the prior  year (£41.3m), and exits the year with   a strong balance sheet. We maintained our market share across  the period and continued to invest in our  brands, with the key brands, IRN-BRU  and Rubicon, delivering good growth.  Innovation has been a key strategic  focus across the year and the launches  of IRN-BRU XTRA and Rubicon Spring  in particular, both no added sugar  products, have proven successful.  As consumer tastes and preferences  continue to change, and the demand for  great tasting, reduced sugar products  increases, the recent announcement  that 90% of our Company owned  brands will contain less than 5g of total  Over the past 12 months we have seen some extremely  signiﬁcant events unfold across the UK and beyond. Chairman’s Introduction *  Items marked with an asterisk are non-GAAP measures. Deﬁnitions and relevant  reconciliations are provided in the Glossary on pages 130 to 132.  sugars per 100ml by the autumn of 2017  is an extremely positive demonstration  of how the business is responding with  both pace and commitment.  Our key partnerships with Rockstar and  Dr Pepper Snapple Group continued to  progress, complementing our own  portfolio both in the UK and increasingly  on an international basis, where we have  delivered further growth, extending our  international footprint and our franchise  territory agreements. The Funkin business, acquired in 2015,  continues to exceed our acquisition  expectations, and we remain highly  encouraged by the continued growth  momentum of the Funkin brand   and business. Our drive for improvement across   the business has not abated. We have  continued to invest in our asset base,  including the installation of a new   glass ﬁlling line at Cumbernauld, and   are in the process of adding new PET  capability in our Milton Keynes facility.   In addition, we have successfully  completed a Company-wide business  reorganisation that has both enhanced  our organisational capability and  reduced our overhead base. We exit the year with a strong balance  sheet, and are well placed to exploit growth  opportunities as and when they arise. Dividend The Board is pleased to be in a position to  maintain its commitment to a progressive  dividend policy and recommend a ﬁnal  dividend of 10.87p per share to give a  total dividend for the full year of 14.40p  per share, a full year increase of 8% on the  prior year. The ﬁnal dividend is payable  on 9 June 2017 to shareholders on the  Register of Members at the close of  business on 12 May 2017. The ex-dividend  date is 11 May 2017. Share repurchase programme  Given the strength of the balance sheet  and