 View our website at www.gbg.com GBGI Annual Report 2017 01 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Highlights Key performance indicators Profit before income tax:  $13.9m 2016: $10.7m Total revenue:  $134.3m 2016: $108.2m EBITDA:  $13.6m 2016: $12.3m Gross written premiums:  $183.5m 2016: $153.6m Net written premiums:  $105.7m 2016: $77.7m YoY Growth in GWP: 19.4% 2016: 9.2%  > The entire issued ordinary share capital of GBGI was admitted to trading on AIM,  a market operated by the London Stock Exchange, on 22 February 2017.  The Company raised gross proceeds of £32.0 million (before expenses) by way  of a placing of 21.3 million new ordinary and existing treasury shares at a placing  price of 150 pence per ordinary share.  > Global Benefits Group and AXA have agreed to engage in a global strategic partnership  and will work together to enter new high-growth IPMI markets and segments.  > The Group continued to produce robust sales in the Latin America IPMI individual  market and set the stage to increase group business and enter new regions for the  next fiscal year.  > The TieCare International brand landed its largest-ever group medical insurance  account and maintained its presence as a dominant player in the international  educational employee benefits segment.  > The incorporation of GBG Assist and the acquisition of QHM established new revenue  streams for the Group in the international customer service, claims processing and  network provider segments.  > GBG’s London office hired a new head of its Life and Disability initiative to increase  sales and distribution channels in this profitable vertical product line.  > GBG China reorganised its management structure to better position itself for improved  product and service offerings for the next fiscal year. GBGI Annual Report 2017 02 Strategic Report Chairman’s statement Overview I am delighted to introduce the maiden Annual Report and  Accounts for GBGI for the year ending 30 June 2017. It has  been a landmark year for the Company, having achieved  a successful AIM listing in February 2017. This report covers  the performance of the Group’s pre listing parent Saxton  Lane from 1 July 2016 to 21 February 2017 and GBGI  Limited from 22 February 2017 to 30 June 2017. Building  on our proven growth track record, the Group grew gross  written premiums to in excess of $183.5 million for the  first time in its history, with revenue for the year growing  over 23 percent.  This performance has been achieved against the  demanding backdrop of preparing the business for its  admission to AIM and the consequent transition of the  business to comply with the high-governance and ethical  standards of the QCA Corporate Governance Code for  Small and Mid-Size Quoted Companies.  Over the past year we have delivered a strong financial  performance, further strengthening our balance sheet  and declaring a maiden dividend. Progressive change Reflecting on 2017 I am pleased with the significant strides  made by GBGI. We have delivered on our business plans  and have continued to distribute and underwrite medical,  life and disability, and travel insurance across over  120 jurisdictions worldwide. The completion of our  AIM listing earlier this year was a landmark event for the  business. The funds raised have improved an already  robust capital position, with our solvency coverage ratio  standing at 150.4 percent at 30 June 2017 and A.M. Best,  the ratings agency, upgrading its outlook on GBGI’s  Financial Strength rating in July 2017. The positive  reputational benefits from the listing have already  been felt in terms of commercial momentum.  Bill Ward Non-Executive Chairman GBGI Annual Report 2017 03 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Strategic and operational evolution During the year we further diversified our business by risk,  product, distribution partner and geography. We expanded  our business into the Georgia region, via an investment  with a local operator, whilst strengthening origination  relationships worldwide. Our strategic reinsurance  agreement with AXA, concluded in March 2017, offers  both a fundamentally strong risk partner and a commercial  arrangement, which will allow us to open up material  new growth avenues. Good progress has already been  made on this front.  Operationally we have been focused on adapting our  business for current and future growth, investing in  decentralising operations and augmenting our IT  infrastructure to enable operational effectiveness. Our aim is quite simply to offer the best possible levels of  customer service, enabling high retention levels and future  referrals from our distribution partners. Controlling our  value chain via integrated operations is key and we support  our policyholders via a global network of offices providing  medically trained 24/7 support. The Board and governance The corporate governance environment of the business  has undergone significant change during the year, in  keeping with the requirements of being public and  recognising the size and scope of the business today.  In addition to my appointment as Non-Executive Chairman  the Group welcomed Anne Gunther, Murray Wood and  David Gibson as Non-Executive Directors effective from  admission to AIM in February 2017. In July 2017 the Board  welcomed Doug Trussler as a new Non-Executive Director  and representative of our long term shareholder, Bison  Capital. To better align with our business model, we also have  changed the Company’s year-end date to 31 December  from 30 June. That means our next Annual Report will be  due out early in the second quarter of calendar year 2018. Dividend The profitability of our business combined with the  strength of our solvency position have allowed us to  declare a maiden dividend, in line with our stated policy.  We have proposed a final dividend of $0.06 for the