 Company Information 61 WHY INVEST IN BUSHVELD   MINERALS LIMITED?  • Low-cost and scalable vanadium  production platform with  significant cash-generating  capacity, positioned for growth. • Affords participation in the  burgeoning global energy storage  market demand. • Exposure to the vanadium   market that is in structural deficit,  with significant headroom for   price growth. • Exposure to a sound portfolio of tin  assets, on the expected to shortly  crystalise value from an intended  initial public offering (IPO) as a  stand-alone mid-tier African tin  champion with near term  production profile. • Potential re-rating of a coal project  in Madagascar on the back of an  IPP licence turning the project into  a >$200m mining and power  generation project. • Access to deep technical and  general management skills in the  commodities of focus (over 100  years combined experience in the  vanadium industry).  • Potential re-rating of Bushveld  Minerals enabling significant  growth in shareholder value. 02 Bushveld Minerals Annual Report 2017 SAKARAHA MAHABOBOKA ADRANOVARY TULEAR SOALARA BEZAHA BENENITRA LEMUR IMALOTO PROJECT AREA Nelspruit Maputo Johannesburg Pretoria Mokopane Polokwane Vryheid Richards Bay Kwazulu- Natal MOZAMBIQUE Indian Ocean SWAZILAND ZIMBABWE BOTSWANA SOUTH AFRICA Phalaborwa Kruger National Park Grasko Musina Scale 1 0 50 00km Roads and railway lines  Potential rail route to port  Ports Coalﬁelds Bushveld  Complex LEGEND MADAGASCAR Roads and railway lines  Potentail rail route to port  Vanadium-bearing  taniferous magne te  Ports Coalﬁelds Bushveld  Complex Bushveld Resources –  Vanadium Greenhills Resources –  Tin SOUTH AFRICA Business Review At a Glance While focus is on the vanadium operations, the Company has multiple  projects organised around three commodity-focused platforms: THREE COMMODITY  FOCUSED PLATFORMS Legend 03  Bushveld Minerals Annual Report 2017 Financial Statements Administration Governance Business Review     EASTERN LIMB Lydenburg Burgerstort Mokopane Vanadium Project Brits Vanadium Project Vametco Vanadium Project Mokopane Tin Project Marble Hall Tin Project Thabazimbi Pilanesberg Rustenburg Pretoria Johannesburg Middelburg Witbank WESTERN LIMB NORTHERN LIMB A PORTFOLIO OF COMMODITY FOCUSED PLATFORMS STRUCTURED TO ENSURE   ADEQUATE FOCUS AND DELIVER MAXIMUM SHAREHOLDER VALUE •  Indirect holding in Vametco (mining   and processing facility) • Mokopane Vanadium Project • Brits Vanadium Project • Bushveld Energy Developing a significant low-cost  integrated vanadium mining and  processing platform • Uis Tin Project • Mokopane Tin Project • Marble Hall Tin Project Developing a significant stand-alone  pan-African portfolio of mineable   tin assets • Imaloto Coal & Power Project Developing an integrated thermal   coal mining and Independent Power  Producer (“IPP”) project in Madagascar  Opportunities to markedly grow footprint through   a focused low-risk development strategy targeting  brownfield assets. Meanwhile, identifying catalysts for unlocking value  in the PQ Project, which is based on the same mineral  licence as the Mokopane Vanadium Project, and  comprises the PQ Iron & Titanium Project, and the   PQ Phosphate Project. Early production targeting potential high-grade  zones of the Namibian Uis deposit, with future  expansion plans. Securing an IPP licence for thermal coal power  generation and completing a bankable feasibility  study in partnership with Sinohydro, our strategic  partner for development of the power plant,   and supporting transmission infrastructure   in Madagascar. 04 Bushveld Minerals Annual Report 2017 Business Review TRANSFORMING  OUR BUSINESS Chairman’s Report I am delighted to present the Annual Financial  Statements of Bushveld Minerals for the year ended  28 February 2017 . I am particularly pleased to be  doing this at a transformational point in the  Company’s development, as we transition from   a junior exploration company to a producing  company. Though commodity markets have  markedly recovered since the lows of 2015/16,  capital markets remain challenging particularly for  junior miners for whom access to capital continues  to be largely constrained.  We articulated a commodity-focused platform  strategy in 2014 based on which we would develop  each of the Company’s three platforms, comprising  Bushveld Vanadium, Greenhills Resources and  Lemur Resources, with a view to building each on   a path to independent existence with dedicated  resources. At the same time we outlined our  intention to prioritise vanadium as the flagship of  the Company. Finally, we outlined four key pillars  guiding the development of our projects, being (a)  choosing commodities with a positive market  outlook; (b) developing assets with a low cost curve  positioning; (c) executing a clear realisable path to  production and, thus, cash flows and finally (d)  ensuring scalability.  I am pleased to report that the Company has been  disciplined and consistent in delivering on this  strategy. Each of the three platforms has made  strides in realising its objectives. At Lemur  Resources, the efforts to secure an Independent  Power Producer licence for the project continue  apace and we hope that the licence will be agreed  shortly. I am encouraged to see the prominence   and attention given to the Lemur Power Project   by the government, including the Presidency of  not have been completed at a better time, with  vanadium prices on a solid upward trajectory.  Vametco is a quality low-cost producer with a   sound financial position that has allowed us to use   a significant amount of debt funding for the  acquisition. That BVL has been able to pay back all  the external debt and facilitate a BEE transaction for  Vametco within three months of the completion of  the transaction is testament to the strong balance  sheet and cash-generation capacity of this important  asset. In acquiring Vametco, BVL has not only  acquired a quality operating mine