 REPORT 02 03 04  Leinthall quarry in Herefordshire 02 BREEDON GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2017  WWW.BREEDONGROUP.COM * Underlying results are stated before  acquisition-related expenses,  redundancy and reorganisation  costs, property items, amortisation  of acquisition intangibles and  related tax items. References to an  underlying profit measure throughout  this Annual Report are defined on  this basis. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS Revenue £652.4m 2016: £454.7m  +43% Underlying EBIT margin* 12.3% 2016: 13.1%  Profit before taxation £71.2m 2016: £46.8m  +52% Underlying EBIT* £80.4m 2016: £59.6m  +35% Underlying basic earnings per share* 4.14p 2016: 3.49p  +19% Net debt £109.8m 2016: £159.3m  -31% • A year of solid progress, with  improved performances from  all three divisions • Strong organic earnings  growth, supplemented by  contributions from acquisitions  • Significant investment in  mineral assets, capacity and  operational improvements • T wo bolt-on acquisitions   completed • Planned acquisition of  T armac quarry and asphalt  assets announced • Following full integration of  2016 Hope acquisition, growth  platform strengthened, with  significant scale, national reach  and vertical integration • Further 25 per cent reduction  in Employee Lost Time Injury  Frequency Rate (L TIFR) to 1.41  Leinthall quarry in Herefordshire 03 01 STRATEGIC   24 BREEDON GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2017  WWW.BREEDONGROUP.COM Nearly £150m capital expenditure in  the business over the last  seven years Over £525m investment in earnings- enhancing acquisitions  since 2010 Underlying EBIT margin 12.3% Maximising the return from every  tonne of those reserves is one of the  keys to our success and in 2017 we  invested a further £46 million in our  quarries, cement plant and downstream  operations. This has enabled us to  open new quarries, extend existing  operations and improve the efficiency of  many of our sites. Once again, organic  growth was balanced with selected  bolt-on purchases. We invested around  £10 million in acquisitions during 2017,  which extended our market reach and  added further to our reserves and  resources. The Group now has an even  stronger platform for growth, with a  national presence, enhanced product  portfolio, robust central management  functions and an exceptionally strong  asset base. PROGRESS ON SAFETY Around 2,200 colleagues now work  in the Breedon Group and in 2017 we  intensified our efforts to ensure that they  all go home safely at the end of every  working day. This took on an even greater  importance in light of the tragically high  number of fatalities in our industry last  year. We maintain our ambition to be  the safest, as well as the most profitable,  construction materials company in the UK  and we firmly believe that with the right  culture of safe behaviour, Zero Harm is a  realistic goal. I am pleased to say that the  number of serious injuries declined last  year, as our new Safety Commitments  became firmly embedded in the business  and colleagues took greater care of  themselves and each other. SENIOR MANAGEMENT CHANGES Ashley Bryan stepped down as  Managing Director of Breedon Cement  and left the Group in early 2017, to be  succeeded by Interim Managing Director  Tim Billingham. Following the departure of Tim Hall  from the Group in September, we  were recently joined by Mike Pearce as  Chief Executive of Breedon Southern.  Mike was formerly Managing Director  of the aggregates division of Aggregate  Industries, where he had also been  responsible at various times for the  company’s building products, asphalt,  ready-mixed concrete, contracting and  commercial activities.  I would like to take this opportunity to  welcome Mike to the Group and to thank  Colin Parke for his interim leadership  of Breedon Southern over the past  six months. THE BOARD We are today announcing Simon Vivian’s  retirement from the Board and he will be  stepping down with immediate effect.  Simon and I worked closely together  on the creation of Breedon and he did  distinguished service as the Group’s chief  executive from 2010 to 2015. He retires  with our thanks for the significant  contribution he made to the Group’s early  development and we wish him well in all  his future endeavours. Following Simon’s  departure, and recognising the need  to maintain the right mix of skills and  experience, we have commenced a  formal search process to seek two new  independent non-executive directors. LOOKING AHEAD Our business is in great shape and we  are well positioned to benefit from the  medium-term growth in residential and  infrastructure development, to which the  majority of our material is supplied. As I have said in the past, our dividend  policy remains constantly under review.  We still believe that continuing to deliver  capital growth, by reinvesting our  resources in the organic development  of our business and in earnings- enhancing acquisitions, is the best way  of rewarding our shareholders for the  foreseeable future. We also keep our Alternative Investment  Market (AIM) quotation under review.  We feel no particular pressure to transfer  to the main market whilst AIM continues  to provide us with a platform from  which to pursue our growth ambitions,  but do not rule out a full listing in the  longer term. I would like to thank everyone in  Breedon, together with all our contract  hauliers and the many companies who  do business with us, for their continued  enthusiastic support for the Group. I am  particularly pleased that so many of our  colleagues are themselves shareholders  in Breedon, thanks in part to widespread