 1 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS HIGHLIGHTS 2017 Acquisition of CyberGhost,  a leading SaaS cybersecurity  provider Significant growth in  paying users Substantial progress made  in transitioning the business  towards a pure SaaS model $8.3m Adjusted EBITDA $66.4m Revenue $69.5m Cash balance  and no debt $7 .6m Adjusted cash flow   from operations 92% Conversion of  adjusted EBITDA 2 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT DON ELGIE NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 2017 has been a pivotal year for  our business in which we fully  aligned our operations to focus  on cybersecurity software. Introduction 2017 has been a pivotal year for  our business in which we fully  aligned our operations to focus  on cybersecurity software.  Our management team has worked  tirelessly to deliver on our stated  growth objectives which has now  culminated in the renaming and  rebranding of the business to Kape  Technologies plc (previously  Crossrider plc), an important  milestone in the repositioning of the  business. Since October 2016, the  Company has focused on both  acquiring and developing  cybersecurity software solutions for  consumers, whilst utilising its  proprietary digital distribution  technology to grow its user base  across the Company’s product suite.  The Company’s management has  deployed Kape’s in-depth expertise  and technological capabilities within  its digital marketing platform to  support and grow our expanded  customer base and promote our own  products and services. This market  leading digital pedigree has enabled  the Group to accelerate the Company’s  successful transformation during 2017.  Products  In the last year, management has  taken great strides to broaden our  product stack, which includes our  Reimage software and DriverAgent  solutions. In March 2017, we acquired  CyberGhost, a cybersecurity SaaS  provider with specific focus on the  provision of virtual private network  (“VPN”) solutions, as well as a sizeable  customer base. With CyberGhost now  fully integrated into the Group, I am  pleased to report it has performed  ahead of management’s expectations  both on a revenue and profit level. In addition, and as part of the  expansion into new products, the  Company has launched Reimage for  Mac, expanding the product’s  potential customer base.  We continue to experience positive  customer traction across all our  products, further demonstrating our  ability to successfully leverage our  expertise and digital marketing platform  in order to drive higher margins. 3 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS CORPORATE   GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS STRATEGIC   REPORT Strategic priorities  Our management team remains  committed to delivering sustainable  growth and is therefore focused on  the following key strategic priorities:  • to develop the Company’s product  offering organically through internal  R&D and to grow our user base across  the Company’s growing portfolio of  software products, leveraging Kape’s  proprietary distribution technology  and expertise;  • to continue to implement our plan  for new acquisitions that expand  both the Company’s product  offering and reach, with the  potential to enter additional  complementary sector verticals;  and • to grow the Company’s recurring  revenue stream by gradually  transitioning to a fully SaaS-based  model, which will improve both the  visibility and quality of earnings, as  well as increasing the lifetime value  of our customers.  Board appointments  In February 2017, the Company  appointed Moran Laufer, Chief  Financial Officer of Kape, to the Board  of the Company. Moran has been a key  member of the Company’s  management, supporting its recent  acquisitions as well as being part of  the finance team since 2012,  successfully supporting the Group’s  admission to AIM in 2014.  Looking forward Kape’s management has been  successful in demonstrating its ability  to both drive organic growth initiatives  alongside maximising the benefits  from strategic acquisitions.  The Board is therefore confident that  with its new brand positioning, strategic  growth priorities and ongoing focus  on consumer cybersecurity, Kape will  be able to continue to maximise  shareholder value.  The Board remains confident in  delivering year-on-year growth in 2018. Don Elgie Non-Executive Chairman 12 March 2018 887,000 paying customers 82% growth in premium  subscriptions 4 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS CHIEF EXECUTIVE   OFFICER’S REVIEW IDO ERLICHMAN CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Over the past 12 months we have  delivered on our growth strategy.  The group has made significant  headway in developing our  product suite, which has been  greatly enhanced. Introduction When I joined Kape (formerly  Crossrider plc) in May 2016, I did so  with a clear vision of where I, with the  full support of the Board, wanted to  take this business. It was clear that  despite our pedigree in digital marketing,  our future laid beyond adtech.  I am therefore delighted to look back at  2017 as a year of significant strategic  and operational progress. Over the  past 12 months we have delivered on a  number of key milestones and taken  notable steps to becoming one of the  leading next generation providers of  consumer cybersecurity products. We have built on our existing PC repair  (Reimage) and device driver update  (DriverAgent) solutions, through both the  acquisition and internal development of  new products during the year, which is a  clear sign of our ambition. Central to our strategy has been to  shift our product focus to be B2C-driven  and SaaS enabled thereby increasing  our recurring revenue base, creating a  more predictable sales platform from  which to grow.