 Reuters Group PLC Annual Report and Form 20-F 2004 01 Restated 3 2004 2003 % Reuters Group £m £m change Revenue 2,885 3,235 (11%) Operating profit 197 130 51% Profit before tax 437 56 – Profit after tax 364 34 – Return on equity (%) 112.5% 15.7% – Net funds/(debt) 326 (77) – Basic earnings per ordinary share 25.1p 3.6p – Diluted earnings per share 24.5p 3.5p – Earnings per ADS 1,2 288.9c 41.3c – Dividends per ordinary share 10.0p 10.0p – Dividends per ADS 1 (see page 82) 60.0p 60.0p – Notes: 1 Each American Depositary Share (ADS) represents six ordinary shares. 2 A nominal exchange rate of US$1.92 = £1 has been used for convenience. 3 Restated following the adoption of Urgent Issues Task Force (subsequently referred to as UITF) 17 and UITF38 and the reclassification of transaction-related regulatory fees following recently issued SEC guidance (see ‘Accounting Basis’ on page 72). This report comprises the annual report of Reuters Group PLC in accordance with the United Kingdom requirements and its annual report on Form 20-F in accordance with the requirements of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for 2004. A cross-reference guide setting out the information in this report that corresponds to the Form 20-F items is provided on pages 94-95. As used in this report, ‘Reuters Group’ and ‘Group’ refer to Reuters Group PLC and its subsidiary undertakings, including Instinet Group Incorporated (Instinet Group), joint ventures and associates. The ‘company’ refers to the parent Reuters Group PLC. ‘Reuters’ refers to Reuters Group excluding Instinet Group. The consolidated financial statements of Reuters Group included in this report are presented in pounds sterling (£). On 31 December 2004, the noon buying  rate in New York City for cable transfers in foreign currencies as announced for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (Noon Buying Rate) was US$1.92 = £1; on 4 March 2005 the Noon Buying Rate was US$1.92 = £1. For additional information on exchange rates between the pound sterling and  the US dollar, see exchange rates on page 85. Reuters Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United Kingdom (UK GAAP). UK GAAP differs in certain respects from accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (US GAAP). The material differences between UK GAAP and US GAAP relevant to Reuters Group are explained on pages 74-80. This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to Reuters Group’s financial condition, results of operations, business and management strategy and plans and objectives. For a discussion of risks associated with these statements see ‘Risk Factors’ on pages 23-25. Reuters, the sphere logo and Reuters product names referred to in the report are trade marks or registered trade marks of the Reuters Group of companies around the world. Other trade marks of third parties are used in this report for the purpose of identification only. It is a privilege to follow in the footsteps of Sir Christopher Hogg. I am  grateful for the warm and open welcome I have received from Tom Glocer and his team and my Board colleagues. I hope to justify their confidence.  Reuters is one of the world’s great brands. The principles which govern the company are special. The people who work here are a unique blend. And yet the business stumbled. But a resolute team has fought back, focused again  on the core and rebuilt confidence and strength. The benefits of Fast Forward are clear and will grow. Momentum will be maintained in 2005 but we must also put in place a strategic framework for sustained growth in the years ahead. There is growth potential in our core business, in adjacent markets and in new sectors and geographies. Our task is to identify opportunities which play to our competitive strengths and encompass risk which we understand.  In doing so we must start with the extraordinary brand that is Reuters. What does it stand for today and to what can it realistically aspire? How do we grow the company to fill the space occupied by the brand? Where are the multiple skills and special values of Reuters people best deployed? When can this deliver value to our shareholders and worth to society? As Chairman, my role is to lead the Board in a manner that allows the CEO  to run the company effectively. This requires the correct balance between detachment, thereby avoiding interference, and being sufficiently engaged  to know when to intervene. Our Board discussions should always be open, candid and trusting. We must be prepared to challenge, confront, disagree and probe. But always in a way that is constructive and supportive of the business agenda. As a Board we should be judged through the sustained success of the business. I am excited by the challenge, yet humbled by  the responsibility.  Niall FitzGerald, KBE Chairman CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT 02 Reuters Group PLC Annual Report and Form 20-F 2004 “We must put in place a strategic framework for sustained growth  in the years ahead.” CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW Reuters Group PLC Annual Report and Form 20-F 2004   03 ONE TO ONE WITH TOM GLOCER Our CEO answers the key questions about Reuters Q What was the high point of 2004? We increased Group operating profit by 51% to £197 million as our sales began to recover. User accesses also started to climb again during the year, reaching 328,000, an increase of 14,000 since the end of the first quarter. … and the low point? Unfortunately, our journalists and photographers are all too often exposed to danger as they report world events. I deeply regret that in the last year, three have lost their lives: Adlan Khasanov in Chechnya and Dhia Najim and Rashid Khaled in Iraq. Their deaths are a searing reminder of the heroism of Reuters journalists who put