 2 as a % of total staff Tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent As at March each year 2022 14% 2022 11,659 2021 11% 2021 6,673 2020 10% 2020 10,094 CULTURAL KPIS P28  Auto Trader Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 1 STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS  Auto Trader Connect We launched Auto Trader Connect as part of  our April 2022 pricing event, which has gone  We continue to  well. This gives customers access to our most  fundamental and powerful taxonomy data,  improving advert quality, pricing decisions  and enabling stock to be updated on  execute against  Auto Trader in real-time. our strategy c.40%  of third-party software  providers are now integrated  with Auto Trader Connect  We aim to grow our core  marketplace, bring more of the car buying  journey online through digital retailing  and become the industry standard data  OUR PURPOSE-DRIVEN STRATEGY P12  platform; whilst maintaining our commitment  to all aspects of ESG via our make  a difference strategy. OUR STRATEGIC PILLARS Consumer engagement and  retailer numbers are at record levels Our financial performance, customer numbers,   Marketplace Digital retailing consumer engagement and product uptake are  at record levels. Throughout the year we have  also strengthened our competitive position.  Data as a platform Make a difference +5% increase in the average number  OUR PURPOSE-DRIVEN STRATEGY P12 MAKE A DIFFERENCE P36  of retailer forecourts advertising  on our platform during 2022  Individual online car buying  components live in trial We continue to focus on supporting an  increasingly online car buying journey and have  made good progress in developing both the  component parts which will form our end-to- OPERATIONAL REVIEW P30  end deal builder journey and scaling some of  the key enablers to support digital retailing. 10,000+ consumer vehicles disposed  of through our Instant Offer  product during 2022 THE DIGITAL CAR BUYING JOURNEY P16  2 Auto Trader Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT G OVER NANC E FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  Acquisition Welcoming Jasvinder Gakhal  of Autorama to the Board In March 2022, we announced that we Jasvinder was appointed as an Independent  have agreed to acquire all the share Non-Executive Director to the Board, with effect  capital of Autorama (UK) Limited, subject from 1 January 2022. Following Jasvinders  to regulatory approvals. Autoramas appointment, the Board comprises five  online marketplace and fulfilment Independent Non-Executive Directors, three  capabilities will transform Auto Traders Executive Directors and a Non-Executive Chair. existing leasing proposition helping  meet the demands of the growing  number of consumers who might  consider leasing their next new vehicle. MATERIAL DECISIONS MADE P22  BOARD OF DIRECTORS P72   April 2021  pricing event We successfully executed our annual  pricing event in April 2021, including  the launch of Retailer Stores, which  provide retailers their own dedicated,   Evolved our advertising  customisable location on Auto Trader. package structure  Early in the year, we evolved our advertising  package structure, giving a consistent cross  58m platform search experience powered by a  visits to Retailer Stores pages during 2022 relevancy algorithm. We also launched Market  Extension, a product that allows our retailers  to reach car buyers outside their local area. 31% retailer stock on  a package above  Standard in March 2022 OUR PURPOSE-DRIVEN STRATEGY P12  OPERATIONAL REVIEW P30   Becoming net zero  before 2040 In June 2021, we signed up to the  Science Based Targets initiative  Business Ambition for 1.5C. By doing  so we have committed to achieving  net zero before 2040 and will halve  carbon emissions before the end   Our audience performance  of 2030. has strengthened 64m cross platform visits a month, on average, in 2022 Auto Trader Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 3 CHAIRS STATEMENT National online selling of used cars  represents a very substantial opportunity for  Auto Trader, without any evidence that these  trends in any way threaten our historical core  business of advertising used cars.  Financial performance and strategic focus  Our revenues and profits for the financial  year 2022 were both at record highs. As we  enter the new financial year, the business  has good momentum with record uptake of  our products by vehicle retailers and, what  appears to be, an end for the moment to the  two-year headwind created by a decline  in the number of used cars transacted in  the market.  Most of our technology development  effort, as well as effort more generally  across the business, is devoted to building  out our full range of services for car buyers  and retailers to enable cars marketed on  Auto Trader to also be sold online. For us,  the difference between marketing online  and selling online consists of being able to  reserve a car, secure approval for finance  for that car, get a guaranteed price at  which to trade-in an existing vehicle and to  enable a retailer to advertise that vehicle  outside their local area and beyond the  location in which the car is situated.  Environmental, Social and Governance  Environmental, Social and Governance  (ESG) matters are rightly taking a more  central role in UK corporate governance.  Auto Trader takes these matters seriously.  We believe we conform fully to the  Corporate Governance Code as well as  Context With supply chain problems across the new recent recommendations on governance  COVID-19 remained a significant factor over car industry and high levels of demand for such as the Parker Review.  the last year in terms of the operational personal mobility as we emerged from