 Read more about Dechra at a  343 2,036 Glance on pages 08 and 09 * For the year ended 30 June 1998.  Monthly average. Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 June 2022 www.dechra.com 02 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Countries Distributed to 1998 2022 1 63 Manufacturing Locations 1998 2022 1 7 Sales and Marketing organisations 1998 2022 25 1 Stock Code: DPH 03 Top Ten Key Strategic Developments Over 25 Years The Company was incorporated  in May 1997 to effect the  management buyout from  01 Lloyds Chemist plc. 2000 IPO Although it could be argued that the management buyout  Three years later, in 2000, the issued  in 1997 should be the first key strategic development, it  ordinary share capital of Dechra was  was not until our UK market listing in 2000 that the strategic  listed on the London Stock Exchange.  vision for Dechras future started to materialise. We were  Since 2000, the Company has grown predominantly operating services through National Veterinary  Services (NVS), a veterinary distribution business; at the time  strongly through a combination of  our strategy was not as clearly defined and was broad in its  innovation, organic growth and  objectives. In the placing prospectus for the IPO, one strand  acquisition. of our strategy that has remained to this day, was to invest  cash, which at the time was mainly derived from services,  into developing novel products. 1997 02 Read more about our Product  Development on pages 35 to 39 2001 Clear Focus on Product Development to Increase  Read more about our Acquisitions  our Presence as a Pharmaceutical Company on pages 29 and 31 At this time over 80% of the Groups profits and over 95% of  Group turnover was derived from NVS. Also in the Group were  Dales Pharmaceuticals that manufactured a few pharmaceutical  products and Arnolds Veterinary Products (prior to re-branding  as DVP), which sold these products alongside instruments  and consumables. At the time NVS had to sell many human  products to fulfil demand for new pet treatments as veterinarians  capabilities in specialised areas of medicine proliferated and  pet expenditure increased due to the strengthening of pet/ human bond. Using this distribution data we identified product  Key to Strategic Growth Drivers:  usage trends and key therapeutic sectors in which to focus our   Pipeline Delivery development spend, mainly on niche, novel products, initially with  an emphasis on endocrinology. a b c  Portfolio Focus Strategic Growth Driver:  Geographical Expansion  Acquisition Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 June 2022 www.dechra.com 04 03 05 2003 2008 Acquisition Strategy Acquisition of VetXX Although we had made acquisitions prior to 2003, they were At this point in our development we had successfully  of diagnostic laboratories, which complemented the Services registered products across Europe but needed a platform to  segment of our business. This provided excellent experience in the sell them ourselves. With our burgeoning pipeline we found  acquisition process helping us to form a strategy to strengthen our a solution to retain margin in-house through the acquisition  pharmaceutical business. The first successes were the acquisitions of of VetXX, a business we had been pursuing as an acquisition    the Vetivex range of products and the rights to Equidone Gel for the target for two years. It provided a platform into 14 European  US market. At the same time, our early product development efforts countries, significantly strengthened our Companion Animal    started to produce results, with Vetoryl and Felimazole gaining Market (CAP) portfolio and gave us critical mass. We now  approval in the EU. At this time, however, we were only able to sell had the ability to market and sell our own development  them directly within the UK; we had to sell them through third party products across Europe. companies within the EU, giving up a lot of margin. We therefore  Strategic Growth Driver: started to research target acquisitions that would provide us with  reach into Europe.   Strategic Growth Driver:   06 2008 04 US Trading Commences 2005 Shortly prior to the approval of Vetoryl and Felimazole by the FDA,  Geographical Expansion we completed a long term licensing deal to sell the veterinary  As our product development portfolio expanded it became  products of Pharmaderm. The combined portfolio gave us sufficient  evident that we needed to find a way to operate within the  sales volumes to merit the development of a sales, marketing,  worlds largest companion animal market, the USA. Our first  regulatory and technical support infrastructure, providing a platform  sales, marketing and regulatory office outside of the UK was  to grow and strengthen our presence in this critical market. opened in Kansas City in 2005, as a future platform to market  Strategic Growth Driver: products we had under The US Food and Drug Administration  (FDA) review at the time: Vetoryl, Felimazole and Equidone.  Although this was our first new market, geographical    expansion really took a greater priority with the formation of  our International team in 2016. Strategic Growth Driver:   Stock Code: DPH 05 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information 09 2015-2022 Rapid Development Although there was no one single event during this period,  07 it has been a hugely important time in our development.  2012 We added the fourth pillar to our strategy, Portfolio  Focus, which is about maximising the return from our key  Acquisition of Eurovet products in all the major markets. Our four pillar strategy  Although prior to 2012 we had acquired Dermapet, Gentrix  has served us well as we accelerated our acquisition