 the sale or transfer was or is being effected for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. Financial Highlights Financial Highlights Year to 30 April 2022  * * * * Share Price -24.6% NAV -19.5% NAV -18.9% Benchmark 6.1% (borrowings at par) (borrowings at   fair value) Share Price (pence) 1600  Share price 1400 1200 1000 800 A MJ J A S O N DJ F M A 2021 2022 NAV and Benchmark 120 (figures rebased to 100   at 30 April 2021) 110 NAV total return   (after deducting  100 # borrowings at fair value)   90 Benchmark total return 80 A MJ J A S O N DJ F M A 2021 2022 # Premium/(Discount) 8  Premium/(Discount)  4 (after deducting  borrowings at fair  # value) plotted as at  0 month end dates (4) (8) A MJ J A S O N DJ F M A 2021 2022 * Source: Refinitiv/Baillie Gifford. All figures are stated on a total return basis. Total return is an Alternative Performance Measure   see Glossary of Terms and Alternative Performance Measures on pages 74 to 76.   Benchmark  the FTSE World Index (in sterling terms) is the principal index against which performance is measured. #  Alternative Performance Measure  see Glossary of Terms and Alternative Performance Measures on pages 74 to 76. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. See disclaimer on page 73. The Monks Investment Trust PLC 01 Strategic Report Chairmans Statement The end of Covid restrictions in the Western world has delivered   Performance a new set of challenges to investors. Our economic problems   During the year the NAV total return, with borrowings calculated  are manifesting themselves in a burst of inflation, leaving central  at fair value, was -18.9% and the share price total return was  bankers with no good policy choices. We cannot know whether  -24.6%, while the FTSE World Index returned +6.1%. This is a  inflation will be cured by an economic slowdown, or whether a  disappointing outcome but should be considered in the context of  slowdown will turn into a nasty recession. Stock markets have  Monks long-term investment approach. Indeed, it is now seven  reflected this greater uncertainty by marking down the prices of   years since the change in investment approach was implemented  all financial assets, particularly hitting the growth companies in  in March 2015. Five years and beyond are appropriate yardsticks  which Monks invests. by which to measure the long-term strategy of the Company.  Since the end of March 2015 the NAV total return has been  Just as in previous inflationary periods, a number of cyclical and  147.8%* against the comparative index at 128.9%*. Over the  structural problems have coincided. The problems we face are:  same period the share price total return was 163.6%*. scarcity of commodities and fuel; the need to re-arm to prevent  conflict; and the re-ordering of supply chains. Underinvestment   Share Capital in oil and gas, new sources of power, and natural resources  Following several years of significant share issuance, the Board  extraction, has boosted the prices of fuel and commodities.  decided to supplement natural market liquidity through buybacks  Russias invasion of Ukraine has reinforced the scarcity of fuel,  into treasury for subsequent reissue when the Companys shares  metals and soft commodities. It has also led to the prospect of  return to trading at a premium to NAV. Buying in the Companys  greater military expenditure by NATO countries after years of the  own shares at a discount to NAV enhances NAV per share for  peace dividend. Supply chains were exposed as fragile when  ongoing shareholders and helps to relieve short term imbalances  Covid struck, and Chinas ongoing restrictions while the rest of  between buyers and sellers in the open market. With the shares  the world reopened, have exacerbated the problem, as has  trading at a consistent discount throughout the year, the  Chinas tacit support for Mr Putin. In any case the great  Company bought back 8.8 million shares, costing 97.9 million.  outsourcing of manufacturing to China was reaching its natural  The discount to NAV with borrowings calculated at fair value was  limit as Chinas cost advantage eroded. 4.4% as at 30 April 2022, compared to a premium of 2.8% at   All of these problems have arisen as economies responded to  30 April 2021. pent-up demand after nearly two years of restrictions on normal  Borrowings and Gearing life, and permanent changes to patterns of living and working.   The scale of monetary largesse during the critical early stages of  Our Investment Trust structure allows gearing, which will enhance  the pandemic turns out, with the benefit of hindsight, to have been  long-term returns, even if future equity returns are closer to the  too much. Excess money is extinguished only by real supply or  long-run average than we have experienced over the last five  price rises. Unlike the end of the 1970s when central bankers  years. The Boards strategic borrowing target is 10% and it is  finally took on inflation and raised interest rates substantially,  expected that gearing will be maintained in the range of minus  policymakers face the constraint of high levels of debt for the  15% to plus 15%. Gearing was low (1.0%) at the start of the   state, the corporate sector and households. This makes the future  year and remained so (0.8%) going into the sharp share price falls  path of rates and the economy particularly difficult to gauge. in late 2021. It ended the period at 7.3%. Our revolving credit  facility was renewed for a three-year period in