 91 Non-financial reporting directive Integrated report online Please click here to view our integrated  report online https://www.coca-colahellenic. com/en/investor-relations/2022- Front cover: This is a team fromCocaColaHBC  1. For details on APMs, refer to Alternative performance measures section. integrated-annual-report Egyptenjoying a sparkling beverage break. 2. Net profit refers to net profit after tax attributable toowners of the parent. Coca-Cola HBC Integrated Annual Report 2022 Strategic Corporate Financial Swiss Statutory Supplementary  1 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Our purpose OUR WORK  REQUIRES SEALING  REFRESHMENT IN... Coca-Cola HBC Integrated Annual Report 2022 Strategic Corporate Financial Swiss Statutory Supplementary  2 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Our purpose continued BUT ITS THE  MOMENTS WE  OPEN UP THAT  MATTER MOST Delivering for  ourstakeholders At Coca-Cola HBC we look to create  andshare value with all our stakeholders. Read more on pages 16-18 Coca-Cola HBC Integrated Annual Report 2022 Strategic Corporate Financial Swiss Statutory Supplementary  3 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Our purpose continued WE OPEN UP  OPPORTUNITIES  FOR OUR  CUSTOMERS  AND PARTNERS Our customers Our suppliers We put our customers first, creating shared We are working together to reduce  value and growing their, and our business. emissionsacross the value chain.  Partnershipwith oursuppliers helps  The Coca-Cola  ustoavoid supply chaindisruptions.  Company Our longest standing and closest strategic  partner: wehave worked together since 1951. Read more on pages 28-31 Read more on pages 32-35 Read more on page 18 Coca-Cola HBC Integrated Annual Report 2022 Strategic Corporate Financial Swiss Statutory Supplementary  4 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Our purpose continued WE OPEN UP  EMPLOYEES TO  THEIR FULL  POTENTIAL Our people People are our most important asset.  Weareinvesting behind our people, building  the best teams in the industry and creating  aninclusive growthculture. Read more on pages 38-42 Coca-Cola HBC Integrated Annual Report 2022 Strategic Corporate Financial Swiss Statutory Supplementary  5 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Our purpose continued WE OPEN UP LIFE  TO EXPERIENCES  THAT DELIGHT Our consumers Our 24/7 portfolio caters to a growing  rangeof tastes and offers choice across  everyoccasion, all in increasingly  sustainablepackaging.  Read more on pages 24-27 Coca-Cola HBC Integrated Annual Report 2022 Strategic Corporate Financial Swiss Statutory Supplementary  6 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Our purpose continued AND WE OPEN UP  THE CHANCE TO  MAKE A DIFFERENCE Our communities We are a part of our communities,  providingemployment directly or  throughthewider value chain. We make  NetZeroby40 adifferencethrough programmes like  #YouthEmpoweredand through progress We are fully committed to our ambitious  onour sustainabilitycommitments. netzero target, with management  incentivesaligned. To achieve this goal  weneed to collaborate with our existing  Read more on pages 45-53 andfuture partners. Read more on page 48 Coca-Cola HBC Integrated Annual Report 2022 Strategic Corporate Financial Swiss Statutory Supplementary  7 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Chairmans letter LEADERSHIP  FOR LONG- TERM SUCCESS We are proud to continue Dear Stakeholder, 2022 was a challenging year for many businesses,  opening up moments that  and CocaCola HBC was no exception. From the  refresh us all, both now  very early days of the war in Ukraine, wehave  focused on the health and safety of our people.  andin the future, with the  We are providing aid to both our colleagues and  long-term needs of all our  communities and will continue to do so.  stakeholders at the heart  The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has  affected our business in those countries and  of our decision making. beyond, as commodity prices increased and  inflation rose. Anastassis G. David While facing difficulties, our people constantly  Chairman of the Board givetheir best. We have seen this through  pandemic-related disruptions and now, with  newunimaginable challenges due to geopolitical  upheaval. Our Ukraine team in particular has  shown tremendous perseverance and care,  requesting in May that werestart production  outside Kyiv so they could return to serving  customers. I would like to extend my thanks to all  of our people across the Group fortheir dedication,  commitment and sheer enthusiasm to deliver for  all our stakeholders. Coca-Cola HBC Integrated Annual Report 2022 Strategic Corporate Financial Swiss Statutory Supplementary  8 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Chairmans letter continued It was also another year where the company made Aspart of our Mission 2025, we are committed Climate change is a critical priority for mankind  Seizing opportunities  progress towards our vision ofbeing TheLeading toenhancing biodiversity by reducing emissions andthere is muchneeded pressure to tackle  Our acquisition of the Coca-Cola bottler in  24/7 Beverage Partner with investments behind and water use, preserving and re-instating thisand other sustainability issues. We are well  Egyptwas completed at the beginning of the year,  the 24/7 portfolio, our capabilities andsustainability. waterpriority areas, and by sourcing agricultural equipped to face these challenges thanks to the  expanding our footprint in high-growth markets.  I was particularly proud that the Company was ingredients sustainably. Our aim is to leave nature strength of our portfolio, proven capabilities and  Ihad the pleasure of meeting the team in Egypt  ranked this year as the number one beverage in a state better than the one we found it in. committed partnerships. during the year and saw first-hand how well they  company globally by the Dow Jones  are integrating within the CocaCola HBC family.  For more on this, and our ambitious Mission 2025 Constant change in the global economy is the new  1 SustainabilityIndex . Iwas particularly impressed by their dedication to  sustainability targets,seepage 57. normal, and it is more important than ever that we  their customers and their communities important  As geopolitical turmoil and macroeconomic have taken the necessary steps to position the  We