 Barclays International: Consumer, Cards 54 The Barclays PLC Strategic Report 2022 was  Analysis of results by business 385 approved by the Board of Directors on 14  and Payments February 2023 and signed on its behalf by the  Non-IFRS performance measures 392 Managing risk 56 Chairman. Viability statement 58 397 Financial statements The Strategic Report 2022 is a part of Barclays  PLCs Annual Report 2022 and is not the  Non-financial information statement 60 Financial statements contents 397 Groups statutory accounts. It does not contain  ESG ratings performance 63 the full text of the Directors Report, and it does Consolidated financial statements 416 not contain sufficient information to allow as full  ESG-related reporting and disclosures 64 Notes to the financial statements 424 an understanding of the results and state of  affairs of the Group and of its policies and  TCFD Content Index 65 arrangements concerning Directors  remuneration as would be provided by the full 66 Shareholder information Annual Report 2022. Key dates, Annual General Meeting,  Report of the auditor dividends, and other useful information 66 The Auditors report on the Financial  statements of Barclays PLC for the year ended  31 December 2022 was unmodified, and its  statement under Section 496 of the Companies  Act 2006 was also unmodified (see page 399 of  Part 3 of the Annual Report 2022). Strategic Shareholder Climate and Risk Financial Financial Barclays PLC 02 report information sustainability report Governance review review statements Annual Report 2022 Group overview Barclays supports individuals and small businesses  A resilient universal bank  through our consumer banking services, and larger  businesses and institutions through our corporate and  built to deliver double  investment banking services. Barclays is diversified by  business, geography and income type.  digit returns 7.0bn 336.5bn 10.4% Profit before tax Risk weighted assets Return on tangible equity (PBT) (RWAs) (RoTE) Barclays UK Barclays International 2.6bn 73.1bn 18.7% 5.0bn 254.8bn 10.2% PBT RWAs RoTE PBT RWAs RoTE UK retail and business banking Consumer, Cards and Payments Corporate and Investment Bank Helping customers with their day-to-day banking needs and Offering credit cards and retail products outside of the UK, a Aiding money managers, financial institutions, governments,  business services for clients from high-growth start-ups to small global private bank, and enabling businesses around the world supranational organisations and corporate clients to manage  and medium enterprises (SMEs), to make and receive payments. their funding, financing, strategic and risk management needs. Read more Read more Read more + + + Page 49 Page 54 Page 52 Barclays Execution Services Barclays Execution Services (BX) is the Group-wide service company providing technology, Read more + Page 48 operations and functional services to businesses across the Group.  Strategic Shareholder Climate and Risk Financial Financial Barclays PLC 03 report information sustainability report Governance review review statements Annual Report 2022 Prepared for  the road ahead Our Purpose is to deploy finance responsibly to  support people and businesses, for the common  good and the long term. To do so we must be  strong as an institution, prepared for the future,  able to navigate change and focused on the  evolving needs of our stakeholders. Our model and strategy are designed to ensure we remain resilient through market cycles and long-term trends. In recent  years our diversified model has delivered sustained income growth even through significant macroeconomic change.  Our strategic priorities anticipate three major trends: The impact of technology on The role of capital markets as The transition of the global economy  towards low-carbon energy consumer products and services the principal driver of global growth As the impact of technology on consumers The long-term shift to capital markets as the principal source of The transition towards a low-carbon economy is one of the  continues to drive innovation and market funding has continued across both public and private markets, defining challenges in the current and coming decades. Helping  access, our UK retail and business bank, growing the investment banking fee wallet. As one of the few global customers and clients to navigate this complex challenge will be an  combined with our international consumer diversified banks headquartered outside of the US, but with a scale important part of fulfilling our Purpose and capturing the  lending, cards and payments franchise, give us Corporate and Investment Bank in the US, our model allows us to opportunity this global economic shift offers. We are building our  breadth across consumer financial services. We support our clients' financing activity. We offer expertise in a wide expertise in this area to help customers and clients with their needs,  have invested in our platforms including cloud range of services, including financial advisory, capital raising, financing as well as working to reduce our financed and own operational  technology and our mobile applications, and risk management services. These services help corporations, emissions. Furthermore, we are investing in businesses developing  creating more versatile, lower cost financial institutions and governments worldwide to raise capital and innovative new technologies which address the challenge, helping  infrastructure. Combined with the depth and manage their risks. As the competitor market evolves, we have them to grow and to support the transition.  quality of our customer data and insight, we are adapted to capture new opportunities including growing our franchise  well placed to anticipate the ever-changing in Europe and the US, expanding in certain sectors or products, and  We continually review our operating environment for emerging  needs and expectations of consumers and integrating our approach to our clients to offer the best solutions to  trends, including regulation, and adapt to address them, as we have  small businesses, delivering more personalised the most complex needs. with our strategic priorities. These trends are considered  products and services.  throughout the report, including on pages detailing progress  against our strategy and in the