 02 London Stock Exchange Group plc  Annual Report 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT T N N O E C N S I A M O T C P I E I A I T T T S G A Y I A A M M L L I   A N R D T N A O LSEG at a glance continued THE TRADE LIFECYCLE We are an integral  partner for our customers  across every stage of the  trade lifecycle, in multiple  asset classes. Divisions Data & Analytics Capital Markets Post Trade  High-value data, analytics, indices, Venues/platforms for access to Clearing, risk management,  workflow solutions and data capital through issuance and capital optimisation and  management capabilities. secondary market trading for regulatory reporting solutions. equities, fixed income, and  foreign exchange (FX). Financial highlights Revenue Revenue Income (excluding recoveries) 4,944m 1,459m 991m Data & Analytics 67% Capital Markets 20% Post Trade 13% 1 Growth +4.2%, and +5.3% +9.8% +7.5%  when excluding the impacts of (including NTI) the Ukraine/Russia conflict Customer profile A broad range of financial market participants, including banks, buy-side and sell-side trading desks,  hedge funds, asset owners and managers, corporates, brokers, academics and issuers. Market positions #1 real-time data business. Leading dealer-to-client Leading global clearing house   A leading global index FX platform (FXall) and with >90% global share of  and benchmark provider leading global interbank cleared interest rate swap  (FTSE Russell). FX venue (Matching). notional outstanding.  Leading provider for Know Leading fixed income,  Your Customer screening derivatives and ETF electronic  though World-Check. trading platform (Tradeweb). 1 Pro-forma growth assumes that the acquisition of Refinitiv took place on 1 January 2021 for the prior year comparator. Growth is on a constant  currency basis, excluding the impact of the deferred revenue accounting adjustment. Revenues and costs associated with the BETA divestment  have been classified as discontinued and are excluded from all periods. For more detail on  our business model  refer to pages 36-39. 03 London Stock Exchange Group plc  Annual Report 2022 E P A M F P O   L       L K L & O A   A S Y I T A T R I I T M   P P E A A D D N A C N T C A Chairs statement Overview Governance LSEG has continued to perform Our Group is built on a strong  strongly, despite an uncertain heritage and the Board seeks  macroeconomic environment, to operate to high governance  and is well positioned for further and ethical standards. Further  growth. Total income excluding detail is available in the Boards  recoveries was 7.4 billion, up governance report from page 88. 1 5.7% on a constant currency  In October, William Vereker joined  basis, and adjusted earnings  the Board as a Non-Executive  per share rose by 16.7%. Cash  Director bringing a strong track  generation remained strong in  record in the financial services  2022. We have continued to  sector, including a number  actively deploy capital for select  of senior executive roles  organic and inorganic investments  at global investment banks.  and began a 12-month, 750  His international experience in  million share buyback programme.  developing senior relationships,  This has been funded, in large  managing risk and organisational  part, from the proceeds of the  change will benefit the Group as  divestment of the BETA business,  we look to further capitalise on  which completed on 1 July 2022.  the trends shaping our industry. We continue to successfully The Board is proposing a final  Jacques Aigrain stepped down  dividend of 75.3 pence per  from the Board in April having  share, representing a total  execute on our multi-year  served nine years as a Non- dividend of 107 pence per share,  Executive Director. LSEG has  a 12.6% increase.  integration of the Refinitiv  come a long way since Jacques  We continue to execute joined and I would like to thank  business, whichis proving  successfully on our multi-year him for the valuable role he has  integration of the Refinitiv played in the Groups success  transformational for the Group. business, which is proving both as a director and as Chair  transformational for the Group. of the Remuneration Committee.  Don Robert We are committed to partnering I am also pleased by his ongoing  Chair with our customers globally to association with the Group,  create valuable solutions. This having joined the Tradeweb  will remain a fundamental pillar board in July 2022. of our multi-year business strategy  I am also pleased to confirm that  to accelerate our growth and  LSEG continues to meet the  increase scalability. The Board  recommendations on gender  is pleased with the delivery  and ethnic diversity contained  against the stated financial targets  in both the Hampton-Alexander  announced at the time of the  Review and the Parker Review. transaction, including the increase  of our five-year cost synergy  The Board seeks to visit one  target to at least 400 million  international office per year to  per annum. engage with colleagues and  understand regional business  In December we were delighted  issues. The lifting of Covid-19  to announce a new long-term  restrictions earlier in the year  strategic partnership with  enabled the Board to travel to  Microsoft for the development of  New York in June to meet with  next-generation data and analytics  colleagues and customers, which  and cloud infrastructure solutions.  was wonderful after two years  This partnership will deliver a  of limited in-person interaction. step-change in services for  customers