 easyJet.com 1 CHAIRMANS LETTER Building Europes  most loved airline When I joined the Board last year, I was convinced  that easyJet could be a structural winner in the  evolving European airline industry, serving  customers well and delivering attractive shareholder  value. Having met with employees across the  business and our investors, and worked closely with  management and my Board colleagues over the  past year, I remain of that view. The year was one of substantial  Results accomplishment for easyJet in unusually  The year was truly one of two halves a  demanding circumstances. The first half  first half with defensive focus on minimising  was burdened by continued Covid-19  cash burn in the face of pandemic travel  Stephen Hester impact on the whole sector, followed by  restrictions, followed by a second half  Chairman inflationary headwinds from Russias  dedicated to supporting a dramatic volume  invasion of Ukraine. In common with many  ramp-up and a gratifying return to  other global industries, the wider air  profitability. This showcased the work done  Demand has been  transport ecosystem also suffered  during the pandemic to enhance route  significant operational growing pain from  network and revenue sources and to  strong for easyJets  an unprecedented ramp-up of travel  protect cost-efficiency. volumes once travel restrictions had lifted. primary airport network  Revenue for the full year increased 296% to  Caps at two of our main hubs, London  5,769 million (2021: 1,458 million).  following the removal of  Gatwick and Amsterdam Schiphol, coupled  easyJet was able to achieve a 1.1 billion  travel restrictions. This  with actions easyJet implemented, led to  improvement in EBITDAR from the prior  the fourth quarter returning to more  year despite headwinds. And while the  summer saw load  normal operational stability. Summer  Group reported a headline loss before  demand was strong for easyJets primary  factors return to above tax of 178 million, this was an  airport network and saw load factors return  improvement of 958 million versus the  90% for the first time  to above 90% for the first time since the  prior year. Pre-tax profit for the fourth  pandemic began. This period of restriction-  quarter was 477 million. since the pandemic  free travel saw easyJet deliver a record  Dividends resulted in the fleet  headline EBITDAR performance, as ancillary  Given a reported loss, the Board will not be  revenue and easyJet holidays  being grounded in  recommending payment of a dividend in  supplemented rising ticket revenues and  respect of the year to 30 September 2022.  demonstrated the ability to generate  April 2020. The Board is mindful of the importance of  enhanced returns for our business. capital returns to shareholders and will  In addition to intense operational focus  reassess the potential for, and structure of,  during the year, easyJet prioritised  future shareholder cash returns when the  emerging financially and strategically  financial performance of the Group allows. stronger from the challenges of Covid-19.  The strengthening of our balance sheet Balance sheet from the rights issue a year ago proved its Financial strength is an important attribute  worth both avoiding defensive pressures in this industry, especially in challenging  as Covid-19 extended its impact in winter, times. As at 30 September 2022, easyJet  whilst supporting valuable slot expansion had unrestricted access to 4.7 billion of  during the year in Gatwick and Lisbon, liquidity, an increase of 0.3 billion during  successful route mix enhancement and the year, despite repaying 377 million of  then the decision to continue fleet renewal debt and the purchase of eight aircraft.  with the exercise of Airbus options over the easyJet finished the year with a net debt  summer. balance of 0.7 billion.  2 easyJet plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT  This strength, reflected in the investment  grade credit ratings we hold, positions  easyJet to be able to move away from  the pandemic with a continued focus  on shareholder return but also the base  to deal with those challenges and  opportunities that the current macro- economic environment maypresent. Our Board There have been a number of changes  to our Board during the year. Nick Leeder  stepped down from the Board on 30  September 2022, following his relocation  to Singapore. Andreas Bierwirth and Julie  Southern, having served nine and four  years respectively, will not seek reelection  at the Companys next AGM. I am very  grateful to all three for their significant  contributions to the Board. Following a thorough search led by the  Nominations Committee for three new  Non-Executive Directors, Ryanne van der Eijk,  Harald Eisencher and Dr Detlef Trefzger  were appointed to the Board with effect  During the year, easyJet has set out plans for the next  from 1 September 2022. We are delighted to  phase of our journey towards our ultimate ambition of  welcome them and anticipate their mix of  experience will add positively to our work. zero carbon emission flying. Further details of these changes  are included in the Governance  Happily we made changes that have righted hydrogen combustion engine technology,  report on page 91. the situation. I apologise to those customers and Airbus, to support the development of  Our people affected by flight cancellations in particular. carbon removal technology. I am grateful to our employees,  We will remain intensely focused on providing  Read more on our approach to  management and my Board colleagues  good customer experience in all those areas  sustainability on pages 30 to 42. for their continued dedication and  under our