 Independent auditors report 145 Group consolidated statements 159 Group accounting policies 164 Notes to the Group accounts 172 Company financial statements 202 Notes to the Company financial 204 Note: We use a number of Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) to assist in  statements presenting information in this report in an easily analysable and comparable form.  APMs are defined in the Finance Review on page 47. Other information Related undertakings 208 Shareholder information 211 Five year record 213 Glossary 214 Sustainability is embedded into how we operate as a business and sustainability related content is interwoven throughout this report.  This report forms part of a wider reporting suite and the table below details where to find certain disclosures within this suite. Information Annual Sustainability Non-financial Fundamentals  provided Report Report data pack factsheets www.croda.com Sustainability    Commitment progress Non-financial   information statement TCFD  GRI   SASB review   Principal Adverse   Impact Statement Strategic report Meeting global Capturing new  challenges opportunities The world is facing global challenges By applying our Purpose and using Smart  TM that will shape our lives, consumer science to improve lives we can rise to  demands and technology megatrends the challenges society faces, capturing  for generations to come. new opportunities for growth. Living sustainably within Positively impacting everyday life our planetary boundaries Consumer Care For more information See pages 28-29 Global demand for health Pioneering the future of Pharma and wellbeing Life Sciences Pharma For more information  See pages 30-31 Feeding a growing population  Innovating for sustainable  and restoring nature agriculture Life Sciences Crop Care  For more information on the  global challenges  For more information See pages 24-26 See pages 32-33 How this report is structured Our strategic report includes three core sections to communicate our story and how we are  addressing global challenges and capturing new opportunities for growth: Our Purpose, culture, business model and strategy underpin our success  Strength in our  andprovide us with strong foundations.  foundations See pages 2-23  We are repositioning our portfolio to be more closely aligned with the powerful  Exploring  megatrends that are reshaping our markets, creating new growth opportunities,  new horizons where we can apply our smart science to improve lives. See pages 24-33 These pages cover our performance in 2022, demonstrating consistent  Delivering consistent  execution against our strategy and commitment to be Climate,  outperformance Land and People Positive by 2030. See pages 34-51 Croda International Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 1 Strength in our foundations  At a glance A balanced global footprint About us Croda is the name behind some of  Our Purpose Our Commitment the worlds most successful brands.  We provide practical solutions to help We are committed to being the worlds  We combine our knowledge, passion  address some of the worlds biggest most sustainable supplier of innovative  and entrepreneurial spirit to create,  challenges. Our Purpose, ingredients by becoming Climate, Land  makeand sell innovative ingredients that  TM Smart science to improve lives , and People Positive by 2030. The United  arerelied on by industries and consumers  underpins everything we do. Nations Sustainability Development Goals  around the world. (SDGs) underpin our approach. For more information  on our Purpose  See pages 12-13 Where we operate We operate globally with a balanced  footprint across 92 sites, constituting global  manufacturing, with local sales offices and  innovation centres. Our footprint balances  the need for efficient manufacturing  operations with our desire to be close to  customers. Our 24 principal manufacturing  sites are complemented by 19 local  manufacturing sites that typically support  our Fragrances and Flavours and Seed  Enhancement businesses. All our locations  have externally validated decarbonisation  roadmaps in place. North America 5 manufacturing sites 6 innovation centres 6 sales offices Latin America 5 manufacturing sites 6 innovation centres Employees by region  11 sales offices Key Asia Europe, Middle  Principal manufacturing site 1,526 East & Africa  Other manufacturing site 2,884 Innovation centre Latin America  Sales office 454 North America  961 2 Croda International Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 Strategic report Our markets Consumer Care Life Sciences  Positively impacting everyday life Pharma Crop Care  We develop innovative and sustainable  ingredients that provide vital functionality Pioneering the future of Pharma Innovating for sustainable  to Consumer Care formulations, enabling We develop components and systems agriculture customers to differentiate their products. for the delivery of Active Pharmaceutical We are an innovation partner to crop  Ingredients (APIs), enabling delivery of science companies, developing  thenext generation of biologic deliverysystems to meet the  drugsandvaccines. sustainabilitychallenges and  enable nextgeneration solutions. Europe, Middle East & Africa 18 manufacturing sites 21 innovation centres 28 sales offices Asia 15 manufacturing sites 13 innovation centres 25 sales offices Sales by region Sales by sector  Asia Europe, Middle Consumer Care  Life Sciences  484.6m East & Africa 897.8m 682.3m 870.7m Latin America  204.1m Industrial  Specialties  North America See page 42 for a  509.2m description of the role  529.9m of Industrial Specialties. Croda International Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 3 Strength in our foundations Chairs statement Strong foundations, new horizons  and a consistent track record Board, for their hard work, dedication and customer  focus. Thirdly, we are benefitting our communities,  through our long-standing volunteering programme  and educational outreach. In addition, the Croda  Foundation has approved over 1.1m in funding  for13 projects and distributed 1.8m of restricted  health care grants to vaccine and health infrastructure  projects in South Asia, Africa and Brazil. Collectively  these projects are benefitting over 14.9 million lives,  including indigenous tribes in the Amazon as outlined  in the case study to the right. People-first culture Croda