 National Grid plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022/23 1 National Grid at a glance Our vision Our values is to beatthe  heartofa clean,  Do the Find a Make it  fair andaffordable  right thing better way happen energy future. Stand up for Take personal Embrace the power  Our purpose safetyeveryday ownership for andopportunity  deliveringresults ofdiversity Put our  is to bring  customersfirst Be bold and act with Increase efficiency  energyto life. passion and purpose tohelp with customer  Be inclusive,  affordability  supportingand Focus on progress  caringfor each other overperfection Work with others  tofindsolutions  Speak up, challenge Follow the problem  forcustomers andactwhere through to the end something doesnt Commit to learning  feelright andnewideas  Further reading page 30 of our RBR Where we operate United Kingdom 1 UK Electricity Transmission Our core, regulated businesses focus on  electricity transmission and distribution.  2 UK Electricity Distribution Wealso balance energy supply and demand  3  UK Electricity System Operator asa system operator in Great Britain (GB).  UK principal offices  Owned office space: Bristol, Cardiff, Castle  Donington, Plymouth, Warwick and Wokingham  Leased office space: London  North America Our core, regulated businesses focus  on gas and electricity transmission  anddistribution. US principal offices  Owned office space: Syracuse, New York Leased office space: Brooklyn,  New York and Waltham, Massachusetts  New England New York 4 5 2 National Grid plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022/23 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Regulatory asset value (RAV),  Our business units rate base and other assets (%) 1 4  UK Electricity Transmission New England 1 5 29% 26% (UK ET) We own and operate electricity transmission  2 6 7% 19% facilities and distribution networks across  We own and operate the high-voltage  3 7 1% 4% Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Vermont  electricity transmission (ET) network in  4 14% as well as gas distribution networks across  Englandand Wales.  Massachusetts.  Strategic Infrastructure (SI) is anew business  5 unit, which, effective 1 April 2023, willdeliver New York UK ET projects through the Accelerated  We own and operate electricity transmission  Strategic Transmission Investment (ASTI)  facilities and distribution networks across  framework to connect 50 GW of offshore  upstate New York. We own and operate gas  generation by 2030. distribution networks across upstate New York,  Statutory operating prot (%) in New York City and on Long Island. 2  UK Electricity Distribution  1 5 20% 11% 6 (UK ED) National Grid Ventures (NGV) 2 6 22% 19% 3 7 We own and operate the electricity distribution 5% 0% NGV, which operates separately from our core  4 networks for the Midlands, the South West and 23% regulated units, is focused on competitive  South Wales. The combined network makes  markets across the UK and US. Its portfolio  us the largest distribution network operator  includes electricity interconnectors, liquefied  (DNO) group in the UK. natural gas (LNG) storage and regasification,  large-scale renewable generation, conventional  3  U K Electricity System Operator  generation and competitive transmission.  (ESO) 7  Otheractivities We currently operate as the electricity  Underlying operating prot (%) Other activities primarily relate to National Grid  systemoperator across GB. Asannounced in  Partners (NGP), the venture investment and  April 2022, the ESO is expected to transfer out 1 5 24% 19% innovation arm of National Grid, as well as UK  of NationalGrid to become part of the newly 2 6 27% 11% property, insurance and corporate activities. created Future System Operator (FSO)in 2024. 3 7 1% 0% 4 18% Further reading pages 28 32 Watch our online video  Delivering energy to consumers ofhow we deliver energy  Generation Transmission Generation is the production Transmission networks  ofelectricity from fossil fuel transport energy over long  and nuclear power stations, distances at high voltage  aswell as from renewable (inthecase of electricity)  sources such aswind andhigh pressure (in the  andsolar. caseofgas) safely and  efficiently from where it is  produced, andonward to  thedistributionnetworks.  Distribution Supply Distribution networks take Supply of electricity and  high-voltage electricity and gasinvolves buying and  high-pressure gas from the selling itonto customers  transmission networks, and aswell ascustomer services,  deliver it at lower voltages and billingand the collection  reduced pressures to homes ofcustomer accounts.  and businesses, suchthat it End-users include  can be used byconsumers. industrial,commercial and  residential consumers.  Im pleased that as the debate on the best path to net zero in the  USNortheast continues we have forged strong inroads with key  theweaponisation of global energy  stakeholders to find pragmatic solutions to bring us closer to a clean,  isnolongertheoretical. fairand affordable energy future.  Business highlights from the year Context in which we are operating Our strategic pivot is now complete, with the sale of a majority stake in  In this context, its very clear that delivering the energy transition at pace,  National Grid Gas (now National Gas Transmission) to a Macquarie-led  whilst challenging, is vital if we are to create a future energy system that  consortium completed during the year. This pivot underlines our  is not just secure and clean, but fair and affordable. commitment to decarbonisation of energy networks in order to reach  netzero, and provides a clear focus on electricity in the UK as we look  This is not just about the environmental benefits of more renewables on  tothe future. Anew business unit, Strategic Infrastructure (SI), will lead  the grid, although thats critical to tackle climate change. Its clear that  the delivery ofthe infrastructure required to support an electric future  the benefits of the transition actually reach much further. In both the  intheUK.  UKand