 Directors Report 149 INFORMATION www.imperialbrandsplc.com Shareholder Information 245 MEET OUR PEOPLE Anna Sandhya Jenny Executive Assistant, Ivory Coast Cover Consumer Experience Manager, UAE 17 Production Engineer, Sweden 43 Maite and lvaro Mara Daniel Supply Chain Manager Sales Representative, Spain 18 Trade Marketing Manager, Sweden 44 and Finance Controller, Spain 1 Ral Ralf Shradha Production Mechanic, Spain 21 Factory Operator, Germany 50 ESG Executive, UK 1 Grzegorz Fernando Oleksandr Learning & Development Coordinator, Human Rights Manager, UK 51 Production Mechanic, Ukraine 3 Poland 21 Adam Juan Jos Matthew Process Engineer Specialist, UK 53 Quality Specialist, Spain 11 QC Analyst, UK 22 Joshua Maria Katrina and Mohamad Data Scientist, Poland 56 Brand Manager, Spain 12 Manufacturing Excellence Manager  Alona and Production Operator, Sweden 24 Elara Retail Development Representative, UK 58 Retail Representative, UK 15 Andrea Trade Marketing Analyst, Spain 25 Debbie Marketing Services Manager, US 15 Oleksii Production Operator, Ukraine 27 Marie-Louise People & Culture Business Partner, Jodi Ivory Coast 16 Laboratory Manager, UK 38 www.imperialbrandsplc.com 1 WE ARE TRANSFORMING By becoming a strong challenger,  we are building a business more  capable of growth year in, year out. C IMPERIAL BRANDS AT A GLANCE The five-year strategy we launched in January  DELIVERING ON  2021 was the roadmap for our transformation.  Since then we have been building the  OUR STRATEGY foundations for future success and we are now  on track to move to the next phase of delivery. WE HAVE A CLEAR STRATEGY TO WHICH WE ARE ROLLING  BECOME A STRONG CHALLENGER OUT WITH DISCIPLINE STRATEGIC PILLARS PHASE 1: BUILDING  FOUNDATIONS Pages 14-19 Five-year  strategy  NGP  launched trials  begin Top five  aggregate  market share  Exit of  stabilised Russia  completed Jan 2021 Sept 2021 Efficiency Purpose,  programme vision and  begins behaviours  launched New Refresh  New Global  management of ESG  Consumer Office  team in place strategy established CRITICAL ENABLERS  Pages 20-25 Performance measures  OUR FINANCIAL Constant currency basis used throughout Removes the effect of exchange  PERFORMANCE rate movements on the  the report translation of the results of our  Tobacco & Adjusted EPS Reported (GAAP) overseas operations. We translate  NGP net revenue Complies with International  current year results at prior year  265.2p Financial Reporting Standards  foreign exchange rates. See page  +4.9%* 7.8 bn and the relevant legislation. 75 for more details. +1.5%* Adjusted (Non-GAAP) Market share Non-GAAP measures provide  Market share data is presented  a useful comparison of  as a 12-month moving average  performance from one period  Reported EPS Dividend per share weighted across the markets  to the next. The basis of our  in which we operate. adjusted measures is  165.9p 141.17p Stick equivalent explained in the accounting  -44.7% +1.5%* Stick equivalent volumes reflect  policies accompanying our  our combined cigarette,  financial statements and the  finecuttobacco, cigar and  APM section within  snusvolumes. Supplementary Information. * Movement on a constant currency basis. 2 Imperial Brands|Annual Report and Accounts 2022 Our purpose remains:  Forging a path to a healthier future for  For more information  moments of relaxation and pleasure. please see www.imperialbrandsplc.com STRENGTHENING OUR AND DELIVERING FOR  INVESTMENT CASE ALL STAKEHOLDERS PHASE 2: IMPROVING Our consumers RETURNS Millions of adults worldwide choose  to enjoy our tobacco and NGP. Meeting their  expectations of quality and understanding  theirevolving requirements are vital for the  long-term sustainable growth of ourbusiness. NGP trials Further Revitalised tobacco business  validate NGP driving strong cash returns Our colleagues further market  Our colleagues are our most important asset.   NGP business providing  roll-outs launches It is essential wecreate a supportive, safeand  options for potential harm  rewarding work environment to enable them  Top five reduction and growth to deliver our goals and develop their careers. aggregate   Strong, sustainable cash  market  flow generated from  Our customers share  a high-quality portfolio We work closely with distributors,  growth wholesalers and retailers to ensure our  products are available to adult consumers  in a diverse range of outlets worldwide.  They play acrucial role in our business model. Sept 2022 2023 2025 Governments & regulators Approaches to legislation vary significantly   New capabilities and more  Operational  across geographies. We support reasonable  efficient structures delivering  efficiencies drive  regulation of tobacco andnicotine products  operational improvement and  improvements and look to have constructive engagement  strengthening performance with policy makers and regulators.  Progressive dividend  Behaviours  Our investors supplemented by surplus  embedded in  capital returns via Our investors provide capital to the business  performance- and monitor managements allocation of that  a share buyback based culture capital within the business. Our suppliers We maintain strong relationships with our  tobacco, non-tobacco materials (NTM) and  NGP suppliers to help ensure sustainable  supply and business continuity, underpinned  by fair contract andpayment terms. OUR BRANDS Other tobacco  Cigarettes products & accessories Vapour Our portfolio of brands connects  with adult consumers in all the  key tobacco and next generation  product segments. We invest in  innovation to meet evolving  Heated tobacco consumer preferences. c.120 markets Modern oral www.imperialbrandsplc.com 3 CHAIRS STATEMENT  DEAR SHAREHOLDERS A purpose-led approach to ESG All this has been achieved against the  During 2021 alongside our new  headwinds of the war in Ukraine and  This has been a year of significant  strategy we began articulating a new  the exit from our Russian business,  progress for Imperial against  purpose: forging a path to a healthier  global supply chain disruptions,  a backdrop of unexpected and  future for moments of relaxation and  high inflation and a squeeze on  challenging conditions. pleasure