 INTERTEK GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 14 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW Intertek T otal Quality  Assurance expertise,  delivered consistently with  precision, pace and passion,  enabling our customers to  power ahead safely LEVERAGING OUR UNIQUE  TQA VALUE PROPOSITION Intertek pioneers the Quality Assurance  industry on a global scale with a fully  integrated portfolio of Assurance,  Testing, Inspection and Certification (ATIC)  services. We  took the simple decision to look at our  value proposition from the customer’s  perspective. Importantly, the demand for TIC  components will continue to grow in the  years to come, benefiting from a number of  André Lacroix Chief Executive Officer parallel trends: companies’ investments in  quality and innovation, for example, as well  as ever-strengthening regulatory  standards, increased focus on sustainability,  accelerating global and regional trade flows,  and increasing demand for energy. Another powerful trend is also at play,  however. In our global market place,  corporations are sharpening their focus on  the management of risk in their  increasingly complex supply chain and  distribution operations. This burgeoning globalism is driving  change in the ways that supply chains  are formulated. This is not the only driver of complexity. Consumers, too, are becoming more  demanding and selective as they seek  greater variety, more sustainable and  ethically sourced products, better customer  service, faster delivery, heightened quality  and enhanced value. As a result, the distribution  chain too is becoming ever-more complex. Moreover, the success that we are deriving  from the move into Assurance is providing  hard evidence that TQA is what customers  want and need. This is the  primary focus of our more than 43,000  employees. During 2016, for example, we made  several strategically important acquisitions  and investments. OUR DEPTH AND BREADTH OF  TQA EXPERTISE Customers understand the depth of  expertise that our people have; our  opportunity is to leverage the breadth of  what we have to offer. Read more on page 18   In such an organisation, it is  obvious that the real strength  of Intertek is in its people,  its experts." Read more about our experts in our Operating reviews on pages 22 to 29   INTERTEK GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 17 STRATEGIC REPORT We offer our clients the  ATIC Advantage, our global  TIC expertise combined with  our Assurance Difference. T esting, Inspection and Certification is  required to control quality and safety at the  high-risk, regulated points of the supply  chain and the urgent desire of our people to  develop new solutions throughout is a key  differentiator for Intertek: it is in our culture  that we should, whenever necessary or  desirable, develop effective and original  solutions to emerging issues. Once again, this approach extends far  beyond our customers' own premises. This time, we look at how  we provide a TQA solution in support of  the global manufacturing and distribution  of a LED lightbulb, as shown on page 12. And even at the retail  end, a market surveillance initiative  inspecting product quality might coincide  with Assurance services like benchmarking  and returns analysis. To take a live example, we provide one  manufacturer with a wide range of TIC  services at every stage of the value chain,  from R&D and raw materials, through  manufacturing and production processes  to import and export, the dealership  network, customer experience  considerations and into the aftermarket. LOOKING AHEAD We believe that the strength of our 2017  results demonstrates the attractive  nature of our industry, Intertek's high- quality earnings model and the  effectiveness of our 5x5 differentiated  strategy for growth. André Lacroix Chief Executive Officer  INTERTEK GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 19 STRATEGIC REPORT CEO'S REVIEW continued 4 9 5 10 1 6 11 2 7 12 3 8 13