 Primary Statements 114 ITV plc Company Financial  Statements 179 Additional InformationGlossary 194 Strategic Report  The Strategic Report explains in detail how we have performed this year and sets out a fair review of the business,  a balanced and comprehensive analysis of our performance, the use of key performance indicators to explain the  progress we have made, a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company, and an indication of  potential future developments. In setting out the Company’s main risks and uncertainties, an indication of potential  future developments, and in other content, this report and accounts contains statements that are based on knowledge  and information available at the date of preparation of the Strategic Report, and what are believed to be reasonable  judgements, and therefore cannot be considered as indications of likelihood or certainty. A full reconciliation between our reported and adjusted results is provided in our  Alternative Performance Measures deﬁnitions on pages 34 and 35. Non-Net Advertising Revenue (Non-NAR) includes all ITV revenue, both internal and external, except Net Advertising Revenue (NAR). The format was sold  to four countries in 2017. It has been recommissioned for a third series. Broadchurch was  the most watched  drama in 2017. The Voice launched on ITV in 2017 and  averaged 5.6 million viewers and a 24% share,  with a 29% share for 16–34s. It had the biggest  16-24 audience of all digital channels in 2017. ITV Studios £243m 6 ITV plc  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chairman’s  Statement We’re reporting on a challenging year,  but one in which ITV has made  signiﬁcant progress. ITV delivered a strong operating  performance with great on-screen and  online viewing. We thank our former Chief Executive,  Adam Crozier, along with the executive  team for these important advances. We own the only such mass  audience in the UK. Meanwhile, ITV Studios  now produces for over 200 channels in