 p.6 2 Delivering long-term  growth responsibly Chairman’s statement Overview I am pleased to report that we delivered a solid operational and  financial performance in 2017. This was achieved against the  backdrop of an external environment characterised by regulatory  proposals and changes, tax challenges and intense competition. This, together with product  innovation and our regulatory stakeholder engagement programme,  supports the work we have undertaken to help protect our business  model. I was delighted to see our businesses receive numerous  prestigious awards over the course of the year in recognition of our  responsible lending practices, outstanding corporate culture and  offering a great place to work, all of which are indicative of the high  regard we are held in when serving customers, managing risk and  developing our people. We now segment our businesses into two  broad categories, namely 'growth' focused businesses and 'returns'  focused businesses. The capital they  generate is used to fund investment in our growth businesses, IPF  Digital and Mexico home credit, as well as delivering progressive  returns to our shareholders. The main impact for  our business is a one-off deferred tax charge of £30 million which has  been reflected in the 2017 financial statements. Further detail on both  these matters is included in the financial review on pages 31 to 35. Shareholder returns Subject to shareholder approval, a final dividend of 7.8 pence per  share will be payable, bringing the full-year dividend to 12.4 pence  per share (2016: 12.4 pence per share). Our Board and people As reported in my prior year statement, we appointed Justin  Lockwood to the Board as Chief Financial Officer in February 2017. We have strong leaders and  talented people who are delivering on our strategy and, on behalf   of the Board, I would like to thank uncertainties on pages 36-43 14 Delivering on our   multi-channel strategy Chief Executive Officer’s review Q. International Personal Finance has