 Our investment case Tyman plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 04 Strategic report Governance and Directors’ report Financial statements Group at a glance Tyman’s businesses are market leaders in  their chosen geographies. Market leaders Where Tyman’s products are sold  US – 56%  UK – 16%  Europe – 11 %  Canada – 7%  Rest of the World – 7%  Australia – 2%  China – 1 % 56+16+7+11+2+1+7+N Sourcing analysis  US – 53%  Far East (inc. With  manufacturing and distribution capabilities  throughout North America, AmesburyTruth  is well positioned to offer leading window  and door manufacturers innovative products  and engineered solutions for both residential  and commercial applications. AmesburyTruth’s commercial activities  include Bilco, North America’s leading  manufacturer of smoke vents, roof access  hatches and sidewalk doors. ERA provides a wide range of mechanical  security hardware, decorative hardware,  weather seals and electronic security systems  including wireless alarms, CCTV and video. ERA  also owns Ventrolla, a leading sash window  renovation business. The Division has manufacturing operations  in the UK, Germany, Italy, China, Brazil and  Australia along with light assembly and  distribution facilities in Argentina, France,  Greece, India, Spain, Turkey and the United  Arab Emirates. The Division’s products are sold in residential  and commercial applications all over the  world under the Schlegel and Giesse brands. new facilities Tyman plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 06 Strategic report Governance and Directors’ report Financial statements Differentiated  strategic focus Chairman’s statement This is my first statement since my  appointment as Chairman of Tyman in  May of last year in succession to Jamie Pike. Tyman has again demonstrated its resilience  in producing a solid set of results for 2017  and a further year of profitable growth,  assisted by increased contributions from  the Bilco and Giesse businesses purchased  in 2016 and by further margin expansion  in the enlarged SchlegelGiesse business. These results were achieved despite the  Group encountering some challenges during