 Strategic report Chairman’s statement This is my second statement since joining the Group and I am  pleased to report a strong performance in 2017. We have remained  committed to our values and focused on delivering our strategy, while  creating long-term benefit for all our stakeholders. I have now completed my first full  financial year at the Group. During the  year I and the non-executive directors  met with the divisional managing  directors and their teams, and visited  a number of their projects. This provided  us with valuable knowledge of operations  and assisted in our reviews of the  divisions’ strategic plans. Performance The Group achieved growth in 2017 and  ended the year with a robust balance  sheet which gives us flexibility to invest  in the business. Revenue for the year  was up 9% at £2,793m (2016: £2,562m),  with adjusted profit before tax up 46%  to £66.1m (2016: £45.3m). Our divisions develop stakeholder  engagement programmes tailored to  their individual businesses. Board changes I would like to welcome Tracey Killen  to the Board, who joined us in May  as a non-executive director. Tracey will become chair  of the remuneration committee in 2018. Michael Findlay Chairman 22 February 2018 “W e have stayed focused  on our strategy of specialising  in construction and regeneration.” Culture and values We are dedicated to running  a responsible and sustainable  business. See our 2017 responsible  business report for more information. Succession  planning and the composition of the Board  and its committees have also remained  a key focus. Relations with shareholders  See page 71 Maintaining strong relationships with  our shareholders, both private and  institutional, is crucial to achieving  our aims. We hold various events  throughout the year to keep an  open dialogue with investors. Remuneration See pages 83 to 96 The Board ensures that there is  a clear link between remuneration  and delivery of the Group’s strategy. MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 ——— 03 Page width = 197mm Chief Executive’s statement Our strong results are evidence of the significant operational  progress being made across the Group. They are testament  to the quality and commitment of our people. Our result was  driven by another excellent performance  from Fit Out, with revenue growth of  16% to £735m and significant margin  improvement to 5.3% (2016: 4.3%),  delivering operating profit of £39.1m,  up 42% (2016: £27.5m). Each of our divisions has succeeded  in pursuing its business strategy. Construction & Infrastructure has  continued to focus on operational  delivery, contract selectivity and quality  of earnings in its core sectors, securing  appointments to a number of new public  sector frameworks. A highlight  for the division was being formally  awarded its largest ever project  as a single phase, for the