 4 | Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report | Chairman’s Statement In 2018, our focus is very much on strategy  delivery and performance management. We are confident that the shape  of the business we now have is the right one  to deliver growth over time and achieve our  strategic goals. Employee engagement levels fell again in  2017 as the transition process continued. So, I have asked our Non-Executive Director,  Joan Gillman, to undertake a review of key  employee matters and how we might assure  ourselves that the voice of our people is  being heard loud and clear in the boardroom. We are in the process of seeking  a successor who will bring, not only digital  insights into customer segmentation and  journeys, but also the voice of the customer  into the boardroom, ensuring that we avoid  circularity and insularity of thinking. This  is the most reliable route to dealing with the  trust gap that confronts business as a whole  and the energy supply sector in particular. We  cannot help but be affected by what we  sometimes hear. But we  are not doing this out of ambition. We are  doing this because it is absolutely necessary  for the future of this business that we adapt  to the changes in the energy landscape and  that we find new ways to meet the changing  needs of our customers. Our performance in the second half was weak,  particularly in Business energy supply. Group Chief  Executive’s Statement This, combined with uncertainty around  our future prospects in UK energy supply,  significantly amplified by the Prime Minister’s  announcement in October that the UK  Government would pursue a market-wide  price cap of the Standard Variable Tariff (SVT)  and other default tariffs, resulted in a  significant fall in our share price in 2017 ,  particularly over the fourth quarter. Some of the drivers were clearly beyond our  control. But clearly we regret the outcome  and the impact it has had on our shareholders  and on our employees. I am determined to  restore shareholder value and confidence. Adjusted operating profit  at £1.25 billion was down 17%, earnings  were down 22%, at £698 million, equivalent  to 12.6 pence per share. Adjusted operating  cash flow was £2.07 billion. Centrica is an energy and services company. We  do not believe that anything has happened  since 2015 to invalidate our strategy or the  core strengths of the Company. We are also becoming simpler  as an organisation. Each has a clear participation strategy  and strategic framework. 6 | Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report | Group Chief Executive’s Statement What we are doing is not a radical departure  from our roots; it is a