 6  Clay bricks 7  Flo o r ing  T-Beams Key markets New build housing, repairs, maintenance  and improvement (RMI) and commercial. Key markets Builders merchants, housebuilders,  fencing contractors and stockists. Description Anderton Concrete is the UK market  leader in the supply of lineside cable  housing systems for railway and  infrastructure projects, as well as a major  supplier of retaining walling, fencing and  structural components for the wider  building industry. Key markets Roofing contractors, repairs, maintenance  and improvement (RMI), new build housing,  builders merchants and specification. Market-wide demand has been  such that our customers have on occasion  faced extended waiting times for some of  our products, especially soft mud bricks  and roof tiles. I should  draw your attention to my Corporate  Governance statement on page 44,  which summarises our progress in this  area during 2017 when we achieved  compliance for the full year with the UK  Corporate Governance Code. In October 2017 , we announced that  Wayne Sheppard, Group CEO, had  notified the Board of his intention to retire  in 2018 and that Joe Hudson would join  the Board as CEO designate in early 2018. As CEO, he has led the Group  through a successful IPO and delivered  strong growth. I am absolutely delighted that we have  managed to secure the appointment of  someone of Joe’s calibre and experience. His track record of performance at  Aggregate Industries and Lafarge Holcim  has been outstanding and we look forward  to him leading Ibstock through the next  stage of its development. Matthias Boyer Chammard and Michel  Plantevin, who were representatives of  Bain Capital Europe, resigned from the  Board in May 2017 and did not seek  reappointment at the 2017 Annual General  Meeting. I wish to thank both Michel and  Matthias for the constructive and thoughtful  contribution they have made to the Board  and the Company during our time as  a listed company. As well as being Chair  of our Remuneration Committee, Lynn has  served as a member of our Audit and  Nomination Committees. Tracey Graham will be appointed as the  Senior Independent Director. Shareholder returns and dividends We paid our interim dividend on  22 September 2017 of 2.6 pence per  ordinary share and propose to pay a final  dividend in respect of 2017 of 6.5 pence  per share, making a total dividend of  9.1 pence. The Board proposes to pay  our final 2017 dividend payment on 8 June  2018 to shareholders on the register on  11 May 2018. The Board believes that this clarification  provides greater certainty to shareholders. The Board has also determined a  supplementary dividend policy as part of  the Group’s wider capital allocation policy. This is discussed in more detail within the  Financial Review on page 40. Find out more on pages 66 to 83 Jonathan Nicholls Audit Committee Chair Nomination Committee at a glance Four Committee members What we achieved in 2017 Ran an effective recruitment process for,  and selection of, the CEO designate. Find out more on pages 59 to 64 Tracey Graham Remuneration Committee Chair Demand for our products  has again been strongly  supported by good activity  levels across the UK new  housebuilding market. Jamie Pike, Chairman Ibstock plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 07 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements Other information Chief Executive’s statement Revenue £452m Adjusted EBITDA £120m Statutory reported profit £74m Taking stock  When we listed in 2015 we  said there were supportive  market fundamentals and  opportunities for Ibstock. It has taken over £100m  of planned investment  in infrastructure, brand,  innovation and people. We’ve achieved a lot in  three years and there’s  more to come. Safety A business which looks after its employees  is a business that thrives and a key element  is ensuring the well-being of our team. H&S continues to be our highest priority  and we continually work to drive improved  performance in this area as we have done  for many years. The initiative is managed by the British  Ceramic Confederation (BCC) and has  won significant recognition from the  UK Government’s Health and Safety  Executive (HSE) and is seen as a model  for other industries. This 10% reduction  marked a significant year-on-year  improvement. At times this amounted  to several hundred additional people on  our sites every day. I believe this is  reflected in our 2017 LTA performance. We intend to invest in further  machines over the coming years. Construction of our new Leicester brick  factory is complete and we commenced  making bricks and commissioning towards  the end of the year.