 22 March 2018 5 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Strategic Report     HIGHLIGHTS    HIGHLIGHTS INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS During 2017, an aggregate of $81.1 million was invested into new and existing subsidiary businesses, including: • $64.5 million from subsidiary fundraisings with $35.1 million coming from third-party investment and  $29.4 million from Allied Minds, to support and accelerate the development of four of the Group’s existing  companies: Federated Wireless; BridgeSat; HawkEye 360  and Signature Medical. o On 26 July 2017, Signature Medical completed a $2.5 million Series A preferred funding round,  including participation from Riot Ventures and Bose Corporation. The round was led by new investors who are key members of the shared spectrum  ecosystem: Charter Communications (NASDAQ: CHTR); American Tower (NYSE: AMT); and ARRIS  International plc (NASDAQ: ARRS), and by GIC, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund. The balance of the  raise was subscribed principally by Allied Minds and Woodford Investment Management (WIM). Proceeds from the bridge are to be applied to fund development  work of next-generation ST-MRAM. The convertible bridge was underwritten by Allied Minds with initial  subscription of $12.7 million. The note was designed to bridge the company to the completion of a Series  B round, targeting strategic investors. Post-period end on 11 January 2018, the company announced  that existing shareholders Invesco Asset Management and Woodford Investment Management would  subscribe for a combined $10.3 million of the bridge facility. • In addition to these fundraisings, $16.6 million was invested by the Group into new and other existing  subsidiary businesses. CORPORATE HIGHLIGHTS • On 13 March 2017, the Company appointed Jill Smith, formerly a Non-Executive Director, as interim CEO. Jill’s appointment as President and CEO was confirmed on 30 May 2017. • On 19 September 2017, Allied Minds announced the appointment of Harry Rein as an Independent Non- Executive Director. 6 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017     HIGHLIGHTS (CONTINUED)   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS • Net cash and investments* of $169.1 million (2016: $226.1 million) of which $84.2 million (2016:  $136.7 million) is held at the parent level. * includes funds in form of fixed income securities. • Revenues of $5.0 million (2016: $2.7 million) mainly from non-recurring engineering (NRE) and service  contracts, reflecting the early stage nature of our portfolio of subsidiary businesses. • CORPORATE PARTNERSHIP HIGHLIGHTS • On 30 October 2017, Allied-Bristol Life Sciences, LLC, a biopharmaceutical enterprise jointly owned by  Allied Minds and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company announced that it had formed a new subsidiary, ABLS IV,  to enter into an alliance with Weill Cornell Medicine and an exclusive licensing agreement with Cornell  University in relation to a novel class of inhibitors of immunoproteasomes. SELECTED SUBSIDIARY HIGHLIGHTS • On 11 July 2017, Spin Transfer Technologies announced the appointment of Tom Sparkman as CEO,  signalling a transition to focus on the commercial exploitation of its product differentiators. Tom is a veteran  of the semiconductor industry who has held CEO and senior executive roles at Spansion, Integrated Device  Technologies, and Maxim Integrated Products. • Federated Wireless concluded or currently is in live trials with a total of 30 partners across the spectrum  sharing ecosystem, and continued to make progress towards full FCC certification expected later in 2018. • Precision Biopsy completed enrolment for its ClariCore™ Cohort A trial and has delivered its algorithm for  system level U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) validation and verification. 7 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017     HIGHLIGHTS (CONTINUED)   Strategic Report • On 28 September 2017, SciFluor Life Sciences announced positive top-line results of a Phase 1/2 study  of SF0166, the company’s lead drug in development for the topical (eye drop) treatment of patients with  Diabetic Macular Edema (DME). The Phase I/II study assessed the safety and preliminary efficacy of SF0166  in 40 evaluable patients with DME who were randomized to one of two dose strengths (2.5% and 5.0%  solutions) self-administered by patients as an eye drop twice-a-day for 28 days, with a 28 day follow-up  period. • On 16 October 2017, Spin Transfer Technologies and Tokyo Electron Ltd. announced that they signed  an agreement for a collaborative engineering program for next-generation Static Random-Access Memory  (SRAM) and Dynamic Random-Access Memory (DRAM)-class Spin-Torque Magnetoresistive Random-Access  Memory (ST-MRAM) devices. • In  addition, several of these subsidiaries aim to secure additional funding in the course of 2018. It is in the nature  of early stage company creation and development that business plans need to adapt dynamically in response to  changing circumstances. Where this becomes necessary we will provide an update on materially revised plans.