 4 Time Out Group plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 Stock code: TMO GROUP AT A GLANCE The Time Out story so far Time Out Group is present  in 108 cities in 39 countries  around the world and has  a global average monthly  audience reach of 217 million. In 2017, the Group owned and operated businesses in 20 countries  and 76 cities such as London, New York, Chicago, Miami, Los  Angeles, Hong Kong, Melbourne, Lisbon, Barcelona and Paris. When using the licensing model, Time Out Group retains ownership  of rights, title and interest in the brand and content. Voice app on the  Google Assistant Time Out launches  conversational app so  people can get instant  recommendations. Launch of  business listings  in New York  2016 1968   Time Out magazine  launches 2010 Time Out launches  e-commerce  platform Tony Elliott launches  the ﬁrst issue of Time  Out which was  published in 1968, cover  price of one shilling. Printed as a  double-sided A2 sheet, it  was folded down into an  A5 magazine. The ﬁrst international  franchisee launches. The magazine goes  free after 44 years with  a cover price. Weekly  circulation increases to  305,000. Refreshed  brand identity Time Out acquires YPlan New Time Out Market announced in cities such as  London, Porto and Miami. 2 Worldwide roll-out of Time Out Market: The first Time Out Market in Lisbon received  approximately 1.9 million visitors in 2015, 3.1 million  in 2016 and 3.6 million in 2017. It achieved positive  EBITDA within 18 months of opening. 5 Diverse content distribution network including  technology with multi-channel scalability potential:  The Directors believe that the scalable and flexible  architecture of the Group’s digital platform will allow it  to develop ongoing improvements in functionality and expand to  address new business opportunities. 6 Detailed and growing user data:  The Group’s digital platforms, Flypay technology and  free Wi-Fi in the Time Out Market in Lisbon will provide  the Group with a source of valuable, high-quality user  data and information which the Group can leverage in order to  increase its revenue from e-commerce. 7 1971   Time Out  magazine changes format  Global expansion Acquisition of Spain  and Australia  franchise partners,  and addition – at no  cost – of Hong Kong,  Singapore and Seoul. New Time Out  Market announced in cities  such as Chicago and  Boston. Time Out HQ  ofﬁce move to  King’s Cross,  London   2017 2014   Launch of  new mobile  responsive  website Launch of business  listings in London  and Paris Time Out Market Launched in Lisbon,  bringing  the best of the city  together  under one roof. The ﬁrst international  franchisee launches. The magazine goes  free after 44 years with