 Overview 02 GYG plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 03 Overview H IG H L IG H T S 1  Refer to the Financial Performance section for an explanation of the basis of preparation of the twelve-month period ended 31 December 2016 comparative financial  information (referred to as “FY16”). 2  Adjusted EBITDA is defined as operating profit before finance costs, taxation, depreciation, amortisation, share based payments and exceptional items. 3  Order Book is defined as contracted but unbilled New Build and Refit projects across the Group from 1 January 2018 onwards. 4  Pipeline is defined as the projects the Group are looking to secure, covering the stages from sending a proposal to final negotiation. Pinmar is a major  player in both the new build and refit  sectors competing on a global basis. With its unrivalled  reputation for quality and its expertise  with high performance and specialist  coatings, Rolling Stock is acknowledged  as the leader in its field. PINMAR SUPPLY  Pinmar Supply is a major yacht chandlery  and supply company with a network   of retail outlets and partners in Palma,  Barcelona, Valencia and Girona, a mobile  fleet providing dockside service and a  central distribution centre that offers  worldwide provisioning to a portfolio   of the world’s largest superyachts. 08 GYG plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 09 Overview C H I EF E X E C U T IV E’ S R EP O R T REMY MILLOTT   Chief Executive Officer 10 GYG plc I am pleased to report on GYG’s first year end results as a public limited  company. The Group delivered strong results with revenue of ¤62.6m   in the year ended 31 December 2017 reflecting a 14.7% increase  compared to FY16, and adjusted EBITDA of ¤7.2m (FY16:  ¤6.7m), an increase of 7.6%. This was achieved alongside a busy corporate agenda and  challenging market conditions in the latter half of the year. Strong revenue growth was achieved in the first half, however  as previously announced, the third quarter refit programme  was affected by the disruption to seasonal cruising patterns  from an extraordinary sequence of hurricanes. This caused  delays to several major projects, leading to a softening of  revenues in the second half of the year. The Group is well  positioned with a strong forward Order Book in a market  segment which continues to exhibit solid growth. STRATEGY The Group’s strategy remains the same as that detailed in our  Admission Document and we will continue to leverage our  market leadership in the refit sector where GYG holds a 30%  share (up from 29% at the time of flotation), an 86%