 *Restated  EKF Diagnostics Holdings plc | Annual Report 2017  3 1.0 Strategic Review At a Glance Background EKF Diagnostics is a global medical diagnostics business with a long history in point-of-care testing  and manufacturing reagents for use in central laboratories. In 2017 we sold an estimated  70 million tests. The EKF Central Laboratory range includes clinical reagents and centrifuges which are manufactured  at premises near San Antonio, Texas. Although they do not strictly belong within a point-of-care framework, clinical chemistry reagents  such as Glycated Serum Protein and Beta- Hydroxybutyrate add further provenance to EKF’s claim  to be a significant contributor to diabetes care worldwide. Biosen TM • Glucose and/or lactate  measurement • Three models, each aimed  at different settings • Strong presence in  Eastern Europe and China  in diabetes clinics and  research • Used by professional and  amateur sports clubs. As well as being a manufacturer of hematology products STI has a heritage in  manufacturing high quality, US-built, mini-centrifuges. Strategy The central laboratory market continues to experience relatively low levels of growth. A similar approach is  being used for Procalcitonin (PCT) in Europe where EKF has undertaken awareness activity using  key opinion leaders in target markets. of diabetes 8 Annual Report 2017  |  EKF Diagnostics Holdings plc 1.0 Strategic Review Chairman’s Statement I am delighted to present results which show  continued good progress with revenues,  earnings, and net cash all significantly improved  compared with the previous year. This led to a small number of  redundancies, and we thank those affected and  wish them well for the future. After considerable deliberation and discussion  with our professional advisors, we were unable  to proceed with our plan to split out the central  laboratory business in a tax efficient manner. sTNFR1/2 (Soluble  Tumour Necrosis Factor Receptors 1 and  2) are novel biomarkers used in combination  with artificial intelligence to identify which  diabetes 14 March 2018 