 4D pharma at a Glance Leaders in an  emerging field We are well positioned to turn world-class microbiome science into safer new  therapies for patients. 4D has grown from pioneering microbiome research to the  only integrated, world-leading Live Biotherapeutics company. Watch our new video: 4dpharmaplc.com Highly attractive safety profile Toxicity and unwanted side effects are a  constant challenge in drug development. We elucidate the mechanisms by which  our Live Biotherapeutics exert their effects with exquisite  detail, including the identification of bacterial effector  molecules and their cognate human receptors. Unlike traditional drug discovery, which involves multiple  rounds of hit and lead optimisation to identify a clinical  candidate – a process which can take a number of  years – we can progress from concept to clinic-ready  product in as little as 24 months, helping us get our  therapies to patients who need them more rapidly. In-house development and manufacturing We have a 1,500m2 GMP-certified development and  manufacturing facility with the capacity to produce up  to 100 million capsules of product per year. Clinical operations Our expanded clinical operations team is in place to  manage our multiple clinical studies as we advance  through the clinic. By the end of 2018, we plan to have  four clinical programmes underway in parallel and with  programmes in areas such as multiple sclerosis and  rheumatoid arthritis in the final stages of development. S Chairman’s Statement With its upcoming programme of  trials, 4D is well placed to deliver  meaningful clinical data to support  the use of Live Biotherapeutics  across multiple indications increasing intellectual property estate helps  secure our leading position in the field. As we move forward, our key goal is to  deliver meaningful clinical data to support  the use of Live Biotherapeutics across  multiple indications. Governance and Board The Board is committed to maintaining  high standards of governance, both at  Board level and operationally throughout  the business. The Company’s