 10 Rathbone Brothers Plc Report and accounts 2017      A strong 2017  2017 was a good year for Rath bones and we produced some  robust financial results. Accordingly, basic  earnings per share of 92.7p in creased 17.5% from the 78.9p  reported last year. Underlying profit before tax was £87.5 million for the year ended   31 December 2017, up 16.8% from the previous year, and we have  continued to balance our need to continue strategic expenditure  with maintaining good profitability, reporting an underlying profit  margin of 30.6% (2016: 29.8%) for the year. In line with our progressive dividend policy, the board is  recommending a final dividend of 39.0p per share. We continually monitor opportunities to grow the business  through smaller acquisitions, but during the year we discussed  with an industry peer, Smith & Williamson, the benefits of  combining our businesses. We will continue to apply this discipline when we pursue  other opportunities. Accordingly, over the next few months, the board and executive  team will work to refresh our strategy to ensure our core business  remains robust and that we can benefit from the changing  landscape of our industry. This is   now one of my specific responsibilities. Despite growth, regulation and the pace of change in our   industry, we have endeavoured to protect our culture and this  remains a board priority. On the other hand, we have  been reassured that our strong culture remains at the heart of   the business. We also took action to reduce the risks  associated with our defined bene fit pension schemes. The past year has been a very demanding one from a regulatory  perspective as we prepared for the changes brought about by  MiFID II (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive), the General  Data Protection Regulation, the FCA’s Asset Management Market  Report and PRIIPs (Packaged Retail and Insurance-based  Investment Products). As it has been three years since our last  policy was approved, a revised remuneration policy will be   laid before shareholders for approval at the annual general  meeting in May 2018. These changes follow a number of consultation meetings with  shareholders and governing bodies. I am very  grateful for their continued perseverance and dedication. Rathbones, as a  leading UK discretionary wealth manager, remains well placed to  respond to and capitalise on these evolving trends. Notwithstanding some caution, which naturally emerges at a time  of high investment markets and political uncertainty, we enter  2018 well positioned to provide long-term value for shareholders. Mark Nicholls  Chairman  21 February 2018  11 rathbones.com Strategic report Chief executive’s review 12 Rathbone Brothers Plc Report and accounts 2017      The wealth management sector   remains robust  The wealth management industry continues to be an exciting   and rapidly changing place