 Shareholder information 108 Glossary IBC Strategic report Highlights 2 At a glance 4 Chairman’s statement 6 Market overview 8 Chief Executive   Officer’s review 10 Our business model 16 Our strategy for growth 18 Case studies 26 Chief Financial   Officer’s review 30 Corporate governance Board of Directors 34 Corporate   governance report 36 Audit & Risk   Committee report 40 Remuneration   Committee report 42 Directors’ report 45 Visit us online at   www.ebiquity.com/en/investors Creating  clarity At Ebiquity, our role is ‘creating clarity for  our clients’. With new practice leadership in place we expect  to see an improved performance in 2018 Continued service and tool development with launch  of Ebiquity Portfolio Digital, Ebiquity Connect,  Ebiquity Total View Attribution, and Ebiquity Tech  Extension of digital analytics capability to Asia  Pacific, with the acquisition of Digital Balance in  September 2017. Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements 5 Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 Ebiquity plc Strategic report Michael Higgins Non-Executive Chairman Chairman’s statement In 2006, when I became Chairman of  Ebiquity (then Thomson Intermedia),  the Company operated from four  offices – three in London and one in  New York. I have greatly enjoyed being part  of Ebiquity’s evolution over the past  12 years and believe that, with  Rob Woodward’s arrival, we have the  right leadership at the Board’s helm  to support the executive team, led  by Michael Karg, in seizing Ebiquity’s  unique market opportunities.” It is  encouraging to hear Marc Pritchard,  in his recent address at ISBA, put  increased focus on data and analytics,  but change will take time in an industry  obsessed with shiny new objects often  at the expense of employing rigour to  drive real business impact. We wish  him all the very best for the future. In the MPO segment, reported revenue  fell by 2.3% compared to 2016 and was  down by 7.7% on a like-for-like,  constant currency basis. Completion  will take place on 31 March 2018. Margins in the  MPO segment declined sharply in 2017,  reflecting the revenue decline in the  US MPO business, together with the  investment in the expansion of the  MPO segment in Europe and APAC. Market Intelligence  (‘MI’)  For almost 20 years, we have provided  clients with a clear picture of their own  and their competitors’ in-market  creative executions, ad spend, and  media strategies. As the media industry is changing  rapidly, so Ebiquity is transforming  and developing to meet the needs of  the world’s marketers and brand  custodians. 18 Ebiquity plc Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 3. At Ebiquity,  we encourage and facilitate innovation  from the ground up, based on the  opportunities our teams know can help  advertisers to meet their business and  marketing objectives. Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements 19 Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 Ebiquity plc Strategic report Our strategy for growth continued How each dollar moves through the programmatic supply chain. ly/2Hlzmg3 Richard Basil-Jones, Managing Director of Ebiquity Asia-Pacific   shares findings of ‘Payback Australia’ study for ThinkTV Stephan Loerke  CEO of the World Federation   of Advertisers “ As our longest standing partner,  Ebiquity has been instrumental in  helping us understand market  dynamics. Our combined  experience, tools, and approach is  designed to help advertisers secure  optimal return on investment on digital  advertising and technologies. Performance outside of the US   in line with expectations Highlights • 4.6% revenue growth, 6.7% revenue growth   excluding the Market Intelligence segment • Underlying operating profit margin of 13.8% • Underlying diluted EPS of 9.4p • 10% increase in proposed dividend to 0.71p per share • Underlying cash conversion of 93% 30 Ebiquity plc Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 The Advertising Intelligence business  represents in excess of 90% of the  revenue and operating profit of the MI  segment. The consideration  payable is dependent upon the revenue  performance of the business during  the 12 months following completion. Reported profit before was £4.5 million  in the year to December 2017  (2016: £6.6 million), due to lower  underlying operating profit and an  increase in highlighted items compared  with 2016. Bank debt in the statement of financial position at 31 December 2017 is shown net of £0.2 million (31 December 2016: £0.1 million) of loan  arrangement fees that have been paid and which are amortised over the life of the facility. Michael Higgins Non-Executive Chairman Michael, in addition to chairing  the Ebiquity Board, chairs the  Nomination Committee and  sits on the Remuneration  Committee and the Audit &  Risk Committee. Michael Karg, PhD Group Chief Executive Officer Michael joined Ebiquity plc as  CEO on 1 January 2016 and is  a member of the Nomination  Committee. Prior to joining Instinctif  Partners, Richard was Chief  Executive of Huntsworth plc,  following the merger with  Incepta Group plc where he was  the Chief Executive and  formerly Group Finance  Director. A statement of the Directors’  responsibilities with regards to  the annual report and financial  statements is set out on page 49. His previous  experience includes serving as Finance  Director and Chief Executive Officer of  a number of listed and private  companies. Other items are  considered by the Board as  appropriate, including as a minimum,  an annual review of the Company’s  governance arrangements. Defined contributions to  personal pension. Thresholds below target levels of  revenue (minimum 97.5%