 14 Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Chairman’s Statement Ken Hanna Arena Group Chairman The Arena Group listed on the  AIM market on 25 July 2017 and I  became Non-Executive Chairman  on that date. The Board is currently  made up of four directors, myself,  Ian Metcalfe, who chairs the  Remuneration Committee, and two  Executive Directors. The Board will  keep this composition under review.  We have taken the decision as  a Board, to adopt the highest  standards of governance whilst  ensuring the executive team  continue to have the flexibility  to manage the business without  distraction or incurring excessive  costs.  There is no doubt that 2017 has  been a successful first year  as a public company, with the  achievement of excellent financial  results, successful delivery of  several major contracts and the  creation of a strong leadership  team.  The Board is pleased to recommend  payment of a final dividend for the  year ending 31 December 2017  of 0.9 pence. This gives a total  dividend for 2017 of 1.35 pence per  share, subject to approval at the  Annual General Meeting, on 24 May  2018. The final dividend will be  paid in July 2018 to shareholders  of the Company on the Register of  Members at the close of business  on 8 June 2018. The Group will continue to adopt  the highest operational standards  and to deliver the “Arena Standard”  throughout its operations. We will  also continue to explore value  accretive acquisition opportunities  in line with our stated strategy.  Finally, I would like to take this  opportunity to express my sincere  thanks to all Arena employees for  their hard work and dedication. In  a very fragmented and competitive  industry, the level of service and  commitment demonstrated by our  employees differentiates Arena  from its competitors.  Ken Hanna Chairman 10 April 2018 I am pleased to present the  Group’s first annual results  as a publicly quoted company.  OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Annual Report & Accounts 2017 15 OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Annual Report & Accounts 2017 HSBC Abu Dhabi Golf Championships, 2018 ARENA GROUP considers that there is no material risk from Brexit. Annual Report & Accounts 2017 24 Regional Highlights: UK & Europe Introduction Arena UK & Europe moved into its new six-acre  state-of-the-art site in April 2017, with 3,700sqm of  warehouse space and modern offices over two storeys,  providing a centralised operations base servicing  structures, seating, interior design, carpentry and  ice rinks. The sheer scale of our inventory of events equipment  is staggering, and was boosted by the purchase of the  seating and mass participation divisions of Wernick  Events, including more than 30,000 temporary seats,  back in the spring. Outlook for 2018 2018 looks set to be an even bigger year. It’s  a Ryder Cup year, and we will once again be heavily  involved delivering event infrastructure in Paris. As always,  we ensure that health and safety is at the centre of  everything we do. Our bespoke I-Novation building was the  cornerstone of the VIP village for the second year. We  also supplied extensive media facilities, lighting, floor  covering, air conditioning, temporary ceilings, walls,  stairs, lifts and toilets. Product offering • Temporary structures • Seating • Interiors • Furniture • Tableware • Project management •