 Uzenskoye oil field Commercial 04 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairman’s Statement Dear Shareholder, During 2017 conditions for the oil and gas  industry worldwide and for Russia generally  have been more stable than in the recent  past. This has reduced the chemical costs of the  operation and has eliminated the need to  dispose of bulky spent processing chemicals. During the implementation of this process,  and whilst the operational team optimises  the management of the new process, the  plant throughput has had to be reduced. During 2017 , the main focus of the capital  investment was in two projects that are  expected to provide incremental revenues  material impact in reducing the operating  profits of the Group to US$0.1 million  (2016: US$2.51 million), due to an increase  in the depletion charge to US$8.6 million  (2016: US$5.0 million). These  reserves form the basis of sustainable  production with growth potential in the near  term. These assets provide a platform for  the Group to grow in the future, through  successful exploration and by selective   value-accretive acquisitions. Within these constraints, the Board would  consider distributing up to 75% of its free  cash flow as dividends. A further decision will be taken by  the interim results stage in September 2018. While the immediate outlook for the oil  industry remains broadly positive, the  finances of the Group will continue to be  conservatively managed. The LPG project is expected to  commence producing and selling product  from April 2018. When it is fully operational,  the LPG plant could add up to 400 barrels  of oil equivalent per day of incremental  sales volumes. These projects are discussed  in greater detail by the Chief Executive  Officer in the Operational Review. Unfortunately, Volga Gas has recently  experienced higher formation water content  at certain production wells at Vostochny  Makarovskoye (“VM”) and so the Board  thought it appropriate to commission an  updated independent reserves report and  prudent to adopt its findings in full. This  report, dated 12 April 2018, has resulted in  a 27% reduction in the proved reserves and  a 28% reduction in the proved and probable  reserves of oil, gas and condensate and  we are actively looking into technical and  operational solutions to mitigate the impact  of the reserves reduction. This has had a   05 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic   Report  C or p or at e  Governance Financial  Statements Chief Executive’s Report The principal objective for Volga Gas in  2017 was to effect a transformation in  the technology used to process the gas  and condensate at the Dobrinskoye gas  plant, from which the Group derives the  overwhelming