 CIR_AR17_intro_v17.indd   9 25/04/2018   17:15 Chairman’s statement I am pleased to report that Circassia made good progress   in 2017, achieving significant growth following the major  changes to its business the prior year. With its investment  in the allergy field halted, Circassia has focused resolutely  on building its respiratory franchise, and consequently has  transitioned into a very different business in a relatively short  period. By leveraging its existing presence in the country to establish an initial  sales force, Circassia plans to boost its NIOX ®  revenues and provide   a commercialisation option for third-party products in this major market. Significant operational progress Throughout 2017 , the Company’s operational execution has  underpinned this strategic progress. During 2017 , the commercial group grew substantially,  accounting for over 75% of the Company’s headcount at the end of  the year, while the R&D team was reduced by approximately 40%. This changing profile also extends to the Board. Circassia recently  welcomed new Non-Executive Directors Jo Le Couilliard, Sharon  Curran and Dr Heribert Staudinger, who bring significant commercial,  specialty pharmaceutical and respiratory development experience to  the Company. The Company will also benefit from a full year’s revenues from  its Tudorza ®  collaboration. Having  undergone a period of difficult decisions and great change, Circassia’s  ambition to build a world-class global specialty pharmaceutical company,  creating significant shareholder value, remains stronger than ever. CIR_AR17_front_v18.indd   13 25/04/2018   19:19 Chief Executive’s review 2017 was a period of major transformation for Circassia,   with the Company making good progress to becoming   a commercially-focused specialty respiratory business. With our revenues doubling in 2017 and our cost containment  measures delivering tangible savings, we are driving our  business towards self-sustainability. We intend to maintain  this progress during 2018. During 2018, we will benefit from   a full year’s contribution from our enlarged US sales team   and our collaboration with AstraZeneca, ‘locking in’ significant  growth potential. With a strong commercial infrastructure,  compelling portfolio and increasingly attractive platform   for third-party products we look forward to the coming   year with great optimism. Commercial growth In the last 12 months we have expanded our commercial presence  dramatically. In the United States we established a transformational  commercial collaboration with AstraZeneca, and subsequently  doubled the size of our field force to promote the COPD treatment  Tudorza ®  alongside our NIOX ®  asthma management products. We also increased our commercial support capabilities, and the  team, which includes marketing, market access, training, analytics  and commercial operations, is now more than 50 strong. By building an initial sales force alongside our existing  distributor base we plan to rapidly grow our NIOX ®  revenues in this  major market, and offer third-parties the opportunity to commercialise  their products via our infrastructure. 2017