 Capco Annual Report & Accounts 2017 6  Earls Court Properties Covent Garden Covent Garden Covent Garden Covent Garden Lillie Square Clubhouse opens to residents The 18,000 sq ft Lillie Square Clubhouse  opens to residents. The Covent  Garden estate, which now represents more than 70 per cent of the  Group’s portfolio by value, delivered positive performance and value  growth. PERFORMANCE  Capco’s total shareholder return for the year, which comprises  share price performance plus the dividends paid during the year,  was 8.1 per cent, and total return for the year, which represents the  change in net assets plus the dividends paid during the year, was  -1.3 per cent. Covent Garden is established as a renowned retail and dining  destination and continues to attract target brands. Initiatives to enhance the estate have been very successful. Capco Annual Report & Accounts 2017 8  of the Royal Opera House Arcade. At Earls Court Partnership Limited (“ECPL”), our investment  vehicle with Transport for London (“TfL”), the final phase of the  complex demolition of the former Earls Court Exhibition Centres  has been successfully completed in preparation for future  development. FINANCIAL POSITION AND DIVIDENDS  Capco continues to maintain a strong balance sheet, with low  leverage, high liquidity and modest capital commitments. The Directors are proposing a final dividend of 1.0 pence per share,  which brings the total dividend for 2017 to 1.5 pence per share. There were a number of changes to the Board in 2017. At the  beginning of the year Situl Jobanputra was promoted to Chief  Financial Officer, following Soumen Das’ departure at the end of  2016. Demetra’s departure unfortunately sets back our  gender diversity aspirations at Board level. This has been a year of considerable  change in the macroeconomic and political context in which Capco  operates and I am grateful for the Directors’ diligence and  engagement throughout the year. The Board remains alert to broader  economic and political uncertainty Capco Annual Report &