 CEO Sumo Group plc  Annual Report 2017 02 534 * talented people in Sheffield,  Nottingham, Newcastle, Pune   (India) and Vancouver (Canada) * As at 31 March 2018. OUR JOURNEY SO FAR LOCATED IN FIVE CITIES  IN THREE COUNTRIES We are one of Europe's largest providers of creative and development  services to the video games and entertainment industries, delivering  full-service visual and development solutions from initial concepts to  development and post-release support. Sumo Group plc, which floated on AIM in  December 2017, was established in 2003  and now has two operating businesses,  Sumo Digital and Atomhawk, which together  employ 534 people across studios and offices  in Sheffield, Nottingham, Newcastle, Pune  (India) and Vancouver (Canada). Atomhawk, which was acquired by Sumo  Digital in June 2017, is a visual design  company providing creative services to the  full spectrum of the entertainment industry,  including games, TV and film. As we continue to grow the  Sumo Group, it becomes more important than ever to nurture our  culture and develop talent. WE ARE PEOPLE GAMING IS WHAT WE DO PEOPLE Source: Forbes.com, on Snake Pass, Sumo Digital's first own-IP game. Y ou will see from the rest of this Annual  Report how those objectives have been achieved or are being  advanced. 2017 PROGRESS Management team and Board strengthened. Since IPO, the Board has begun a process  to enable widescale employee participation  in the Group’s shares. Immediately  after the year end, Sumo Group also took  on the Newcastle studio of CCP Games,  bringing a number of talented colleagues into  the business and increasing our capacity to  deliver high quality services to our clients. One of the important functions of any board  is governance. These will continue to develop over  the coming year . The source of our success is our people;  we value them highly and are committed to  providing a positive working environment. Our success is due to the skill and dedication  Sumo Group plc 