 We are  excited about the opportunities  the Seachill acquisition  will bring to Hilton and see  considerable potential to build  the business alongside our  existing meat offering.” Hilton to Expand  Packing Capability  to New Zealand Hilton will construct a new meat  processing facility in Auckland and  supply Progressive Enterprises Ltd,  New Zealand’s leading retailer, trading  as Countdown Supermarkets, part of  the Woolworths Group. Hilton continued to generate significant  operating cash flow during 2017. As our customers’  markets change and competition increases,  we need to keep a constant focus on  the challenges they face so we can put  forward flexible solutions, together with  continuing increases in efficiency and cost  competitiveness. 12 Hilton Food Group plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 Strategic report Chief Executive’s summary continued At the beginning of the year we signed  a joint venture agreement with Sonae to  manage their existing meat processing   and packing facility in Santarem, Portugal. Our facility in Poland will expand following  agreement with Tesco to supply fresh  foods into Central Europe including  sandwiches, pizzas, ready meals  and soups. Past and future trends Over recent decades as major retail  chains have progressively gained a  greater share of the grocery markets in  most countries, they have increasingly  turned to large scale, centralised packing  solutions capable of producing private  label packed food products more safely  and cost effectively. 2017 Financial performance Volume and revenue Volumes grew by 10.4% in the year  including contributions from the Seachill  acquisition and the Portugal joint venture  as well as in Australia offset by lower  volumes in Holland and Central Europe. Revenue increased  10.1% and by 5.7% on a constant  currency basis boosted by higher raw  material prices. Net income Net income, representing profit for the  year attributable to owners of the parent,  before exceptional items, of £28.0m  (2016 £24.6m) was 13.7% higher than  last year and 8.7% higher on a constant  currency basis. Changes in relevant currency  parities are monitored on a continuing  basis, with the timing of the repatriation  of overseas profits by dividend payments  and the repayment of any intra group  loans to UK holding companies paying due  regard to actual and forecast exchange  rate movements. Financial   KPIs: Revenue growth (%) 10.1%  2016: 12.8% Definition, method of calculation  and analysis: Year on year revenue  growth expressed as a percentage. The Group’s overseas  subsidiaries all have natural hedges in  place as they, for the most part, buy raw  materials, employ people, source services,  sell products and arrange funding in their  local currencies. Viability statement In accordance with provision C.2.2 of  the 2014 revision of the UK Corporate  Governance Code, the Directors confirm  that they have a reasonable expectation  that the Group will continue to operate  and meet its liabilities, as they fall due, for  the three years ending in December 2020. These risks, which will continue to affect  the Group’s businesses, together with the  measures we have adopted to mitigate  these risks, are outlined in the table on  pages 22 to 24. Risks and risk management In accordance with provision C.2.1 of  the 2014 revision of the UK Corporate  Governance Code the Directors confirm  that they have carried out a robust  assessment of the risks facing the Group  that might impede the achievement of  its strategic and operational objectives  as well as might affect performance or  cash position As a leading food processor  in a fast moving environment it is critical  that the Group identifies, assesses  and prioritises its risks. All types of risk applicable to the business  are regularly reviewed and a formal risk  assessment is carried out to highlight key  risks to the business and to determine  actions that can reasonably and cost  effectively be taken to mitigate them. Hilton operates a decentralised, entrepreneurial  business structure, which enables it to work very closely and flexibly with its retail  partners in each country, in order to achieve high service levels in terms of orders  delivered, delivery times, compliance with product specifications and accuracy of  documentation, all backed by an uncompromising focus on food safety, product  integrity and traceability assurance. Its potential impact The Group is reliant on its suppliers to provide sufficient volume of products, to  the agreed specifications, in the very short lead times required by its customers,  with efficient supply chain management being a key business attribute. Risk mitigation measures  and strategies adopted The Group sources its meat and fish from a trusted raw material supply base, all  components of which meet stringent national, international and customer standards. We are proud of  our modern specialised processing and  packing facilities which use state of the  art production equipment, including a high  degree of automation and use of robotic  equipment which minimises handling. Our well trained production operatives are  responsible for the quality of Hilton’s retail  partners’ products and they are supported  by highly qualified and experienced quality  assurance and technical teams at each  site. We maintain strong links with academia  and technological advances, working  Hilton Food Group recognises its social,  ethical and environmental responsibilities  arising from its operations and to the  welfare of employees, customers,  suppliers and the communities in which  we operate. Additionally our retail partners, who  support the Global Food Safety Initiative,  demand the best animal welfare standards,  food factory standards and quality systems  to enhance their levels of brand integrity. Supplier standards The