 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT “ 3 Altyn plc Annual Report 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW Strategic report Governance Financial statements With the financing for the equipment almost in place the Company will be ready to move to the next phase of its development plan.” Overview The Company is very close to securing the finance to purchase the equipment necessary to increase the output from its current levels to its initial target of 40,000t a month, moving to 70,000t in 2019. Infrastructure enhancements and progress of the underground decline have been continuing in the year. This will provide a good springboard for increasing the output once the available equipment is in situ. In terms of expected timelines the production is planned to increase from Q3 2018, once the equipment is commissioned and delivered. Current developments The following progress was achieved in developing the underground mine in the year:  Development of the decline was taken down to 150masl, this gave access to ore bodies 10, 3-8 and ore body 5. There is no further requirement in the short term to develop the decline as this together with the original decline giving access to ore body 11, will provide sufficient mineable ore for the current planned production.  Ore bodies have continued to be prepared for production however the lack of equipment has been a hindrance in this regard. In addition it has been difficult to target the ore bodies in a precise manner in order to extract the grade of ore as indicated by the exploration drilling, resulting in a higher than expected dilution in the grade.  The actual overall processing grade achieved in the FY17 was 1.89 g/t (2016: 1.66g/t). As explained this was due to two factors a dilution issue and because lower grade ore stockpiled ore was mixed with the higher-grade ore to maintain operational efficiency in the processing plant. The underground ore grade fell to 2.08g/t from 2.70g/t in 2016. The expectation is that these issues will be settled once the new equipment is in place. The tailings dam will provide sufficient storage for at least three years.  In addition, the costs of exploration at Karasuyskoye were capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy this amounted approximately US$1.4m, (475mKzt), which was principally invoiced by third party consultants to conduct detailed geological testing, and project documentation. Ore body 11 contains on average higher-grade ore and is expected to be mined during 2018.  Preparatory works will be undertaken to include horizontal shaft development to access ore bodies 3-8,5 and 10 down to this level. Capital requirements An update to the current projected development capital requirements is given in the table to the right. In summary part of the capex requirement was met in 2017 from the Company’s own resources of the total amount shown above the external funding being sourced is in the range of US$30m – US$35m, the balance will be funded from the Company’s operations. The Company has entered into an agreement with Freedom Finance to raise US$15m of the external funding requirement. The Company is also in discussions with another party to provide direct equipment financing. Taken together this will enable the Company to progress its development plans. Sekisovskoye operational update The operational performance of the Company’s Sekisovskoye gold mine during 2017 against the prior year is shown in the tables to the right. In the year to December 2017, the ore mined has increased substantially from last year, as extensive preparation work was done on the ore bodies in the prior year and is continuing in to the current year. It is anticipated that the gold grade will increase as more targeted drilling is undertaken once the necessary equipment is available. During the year the company gold mining grades ranged from a low of 1.50 to a high in a particular month of 2.59. This was a reflection of the amount of development ore that was included within the ore mined. This is not an ideal situation and is expected to be remedied as noted above as further drilling equipment is deployed. methodology has led to this improvement, and the recovery rates are being maintained at current levels. This process of mixing the ores will be discontinued once sufficient feed stock is generated from the underground sources. processing plant was closed for three weeks for refurbishment in 2017. However there is a significant uplift in production for the period which is encouraging, moving up to 16,717oz of gold poured in comparison to 10,970 in the prior year.