 The underlying business has performed well and  there have also been a number of individually  important strategic transactions. ALAN AUBREY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 2017 has been a significant year for IP Group. Touchstone Innovations creates, builds and invests in  technology companies and licensing opportunities  developed from scientific research from the ‘Golden  Triangle’, the geographical region broadly bounded  by London, Cambridge and Oxford and Parkwalk is  the UK’s leading university spin-out focused EIS fund  manager. The Group now has operations in  three major geographic territories – the UK, US and  Australasia, a stronger balance sheet and a large and  diversified portfolio of exciting opportunities. What are the main benefits of  the combination with Touchstone  Innovations? By creating  a stronger, better-resourced company, we can help  more scientists develop commercial businesses,  and help prevent the flight of commercially viable  enterprises that so often has to leave the UK and/ or seek takeover before they have achieved what  they set out to do. Following  the Touchstone transaction, Imperial Innovations  is now a wholly owned operating unit of IP Group  and effectively gives the Group a direct pipeline to  the research being carried out at one of the world’s  leading technical universities until mid-2020. READ ABOUT OUR BUSINESS MODEL ON PAGES 14 TO 15 IP Group plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 2 25829-04      10 May 2018 3:41 PM   Proof Nine Integration is often a challenge  with acquisitions. Both the TTO  and Parkwalk continue to be run as separate entities. Parkwalk, which  recorded a net contribution of £1.6m for the period  since acquisition, has significant assets under  management, an experienced team and strong links  to many of IP Group’s existing university partners. It’s a return to IP Group  for Dr Molinari who was previously a Director of IP  Group’s IP Capital business in London. IP Group plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 8 Combination with   T ouchstone Innovations Launch of Australasian operations Acquisition of Parkwalk Advisors 25829-04      10 May 2018 3:41 PM   Proof Nine In February, we completed the acquisition of Parkwalk  Advisors Ltd. that was announced in December  2016. The  Group committed to invest at least A$200m over  a 10-year period to fund investments in spin-out  companies based on the intellectual property (IP)  developed by academics at the nine universities,  generated from research in areas such   as digital medicine, new medical therapies and  quantum computing. Key portfolio events Turning to the portfolio, I would draw out a few  highlights. During the year, Diurnal received positive  CHMP opinion for its Alkindi® product, followed by  market authorisation in February 2018, paving the  way for