 wideacademy Overview WideCells Group PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2017––––––– 6 Overview –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– 7 We believe that the stem-cell sector is reaching a tipping point in terms of the market’s understanding of its potential to treat rare and life-threatening conditions; the global stem cell market is currently valued at c.US$96 billion and is predicted to grow to US$170 billion by 2020 and US$270.5 billion by 2025, implying a CAGR of 13.8%. We are proud to be recognised as an intrinsic part of this medical revolution. Each division made signiﬁcant advances during the year as outlined below. The aim is now to roll CellPlan out internationally I am delighted to be part of this ground-breaking company and deliver my inaugural statement as its Chairman; the prospects of WideCells Group truly excite me. This resulted in an inﬂection point with ﬁrst revenues generated before the year end. Chairman’s Review Peter Presland Chairman WideCells Group PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2017––––––– 8 and include additional product offerings over time. We are set to launch in Spain imminently, and in support of this have secured an agreement with Stem Cell Banco Celulas Madre, S. A., an established provider of stem cell storage services, to offer CellPlan to its clients, and will also launch our e-commerce platform to ensure maximum market penetration. Cryoviva has c.250,000 inspected samples stored to-date which represents almost 9% of all samples stored worldwide, with forecasts to store c.25,000 new samples every year. Finally, with our storage division WideCells having recently launched BabyCells, an umbilical cord blood and tissue storage service which is available to clients in the UK and Europe, additional synergistic growth opportunities are available for CellPlan, as one year’s stem cell insurance cover will be included as part of the initial storage package. By helping people to understand this growing industry from multiple perspectives and angles, Wideacademy will help drive the uptake of our other products and services and in turn investment across the entire sector, which ultimately, could save many lives. Wideacademy also intends to launch a Diseases & Treatment section in H1 2018, to provide more detailed information on speciﬁc illnesses. CORPORATE During the year, several corporate changes were undertaken to reﬂect the Group’s transition from product development into a revenue-generative, international provider of stem cell services. Post period end, David Henriques, who has signiﬁcant asset management and corporate ﬁnance experience, and is involved with the digitalisation of insurance products, was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director. Having received commitments in respect of approximately £1.47 million via a placing, and with a live market bookbuild underway to bolster this further, we have been able to successfully conclude the auditing of our annual accounts. I would like to assure 4 June 2018 WideCells Group PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2017––––––– 10 Stem cell therapy is gaining increasing recognition for its life-saving potential in a wide-range of medical applications. 82 illnesses can currently be treated using stem cell procedures, and developments in its use in illnesses such as cystic ﬁbrosis, cerebral palsy, diabetes and autism have caught the headlines of late. As the value potential of this innovative treatment advances, more and more people are becoming aware of the beneﬁts of storing stem cells, which in turn is driving