 5    Chairman’s Statement    Redefining the guest journey    2017 was another year of growth and expansion for accesso as we integrated new acquisitions, rolled-out market-leading technology  and won new business across the world. At the heart of our success remains our focus on the digital guest journey: helping our  customers improve their guests’ experience and in turn driving increased revenues. The year’s financial results reflect the progress being made across the business. During the year we delivered revenue of $133.4m up  from $102.5m last year, while operating profit was $9.2m in 2017, from $10.5m in 2016, as the income statement absorbed the  acquisition expenses of the two acquisitions made in the period and ongoing non-cash charges related to the acquisition strategy that  the Group has followed over recent years. We are proud to have now delivered a 7-year revenue CAGR of 23.9% and a 7-year  adjusted EBITDA CAGR of 32.2%. Looking through a different lens  The range and flexibility of our solutions also makes accesso particularly well placed to expand into new and exciting industry verticals. We are increasingly establishing ourselves beyond our traditional theme and water park markets, making particular progress in ski and  snow sports, cultural attractions, museums, sports stadia, live music events and many more areas where we see the opportunity to  expand. This review of our 2017 results reflects that evolution in our thinking, and lays  out how accesso technology is helping operators in each of these three areas meet the challenges that mean the most to them. One Team  accesso’s people are the bedrock of the Company’s success. On  behalf of the Board, I thank them all wholeheartedly for their efforts. Opening 2018  accesso has started 2018 with a number of new business wins, a significant contract extension with our long-term partner Cedar Fair  and an exciting new partnership with the Henry Ford Health System, accesso’s initial step into a material Greenfield opportunity,  Healthcare. We have also announced that Steve Brown will be stepping down as accesso’s CEO in April 2018 to be replaced by Paul  Noland. Steve has made an outstanding contribution to the Group since 2012 and we wish him all the very best for the future. We are  delighted to be welcoming Paul to accesso. I am confident he is exactly the right leader for the next phase of development for  our company and along with the rest of the Board, I’m very much looking forward to working with him. Tom Burnet  Executive Chairman      accesso Technology Group plc 6    Chief Executive’s Statement    Operational Review  accesso has once again made significant strides in 2017. These acquisitions  have improved both the breadth and impact of our offering and are already being set to work with our existing products to improve  the