 02 Investing for growth We have been at the heart of the UK energy market for 22 years and are playing a critical  role in transforming and decarbonising the UK’s energy networks. We are investing in a  significant portfolio of smart meter assets which enable our customers to control their  energy costs. Our business model enables us to exercise full ownership and control over  installation and operation of the assets. Having acted to bring the control and management of our installation services and our market-leading field  management platform in-house in 2016, we are now uniquely able to provide a turnkey end-to-end service for our  customers. We are uniquely positioned to be a driving force in this emerging market. 08 Willie   MacDiarmid,  Non-executive  Chairman The business continues to operate with a market-focused  structure, with three main service lines: Asset management: We fund, at highly competitive rates,  new meter and data assets which we install direct or adopt  from third parties. Asset installation: We have built one of the largest  independent and national dual fuel metering installation  services, enabling energy suppliers to achieve their mandated  obligations under the government’s smart meter programme. The safety of everyone involved in or associated with our  business is of the utmost critical importance to us. “ We are proud of our assurance activities,  which always ensure that health and safety is our top agenda  item. Dividend We are pleased to announce a proposed final cash dividend  of 3.46p for the year ended 31 December 2017 (2016: 2.73p). We are in a strong position to continue to benefit from the  Domestic Smart metering market and are continuing to increase  the range of services to reduce customers’ carbon emissions  and transform the UK energy system for the future. Our strategic priorities, in 2018, will be to: 1. People and systems Our Board has evolved in 2017. In March we announced that  Glen Murray, who had served as Chief Financial Officer of  SMS since 2011, had decided step down from the Board and  leave the business. David had already made a significant  contribution to the SMS success story in his previous role as  Group Finance Director and is ideally placed to help drive  the continued growth of the Company. In January 2018,  Kelly Olsen joined us as a Non-executive Director, bringing a  wealth of experience as an information technology specialist. This is recognition of the importance  of technology, information security and IT systems in providing  the platform for our business to deliver a first-class customer  experience. We have continued to invest heavily in our people during  2017, most notably through our in-house training academy  to increase and develop our capacity for the domestic smart  meter rollout. After transforming our  business model in 2016 through three strategic