 Group highlights  ∙ Significant progress towards commercialising technology across all targeted applications  under IP-rich, capital-light models  ∙ Meaningful engagement with major industry players around the world  ∙ Group income increased to £2.3m (17-month 31 December 2016: £2.5m). ∙ Hotel & Lodging:   Ongoing discussions with two major OEMs on testing  and validation after launch of Symphony Project in  April 2017 – enables integration of Xeros technology in  OEM-branded machines. Expansion of Forward Channel Partner network  reducing direct sales and service force. Tanning Technologies  ∙ Successful scale trials with leading European  tanneries; focus on completing engineering solutions  to facilitate technology incorporation in existing  tannery processes. Charl De Beer Founder  fanute hospitality solutions 06 Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Xeros Technology Group plc This has been another year of  considerable progress at Xeros. Following  further scale trials, we are planning to engage with major  garment manufacturers and targeting to sign development  agreements by the end of the year. In December, we raised £25m before fees to accelerate the  commercialisation of our application portfolio and to achieve  specific commercial milestones in each of our businesses,  thereby giving a clear line of sight to monetisation of our  intellectual property portfolio. Their loyalty, combined with the continued  commitment and dedication of our employees, has taken us  to this point. After many years of groundbreaking innovation, we are now in  the position of being able to engage meaningfully with major  industry players around the world, who are best placed to  market and sell our technologies into the global markets they  serve. Xeros’ technologies  materially improve sustainability whilst simultaneously delivering  performance and economic benefits. In this respect, Xeros  represents a unique solution to a world already suffering from  high water stress, which Chairman’s statement “The Xeros machines’ water and  power savings will provide our  department with long-term