 and Company Financial Statements 53 Company Information IBC * Before acquisition and integration expenses, share option charges, amortisation of intangibles, and foreign currency exchange. Since   the beginning of 2017, we have expanded further organically   and by acquisition into new locations including Santa Clara  (California), Raleigh (North Carolina), St. Petersburg,   Volgograd and Krakow. We stand shoulder-  to-shoulder with our clients  working as their external   or co-development partner  to provide dedicated  outsourced or embedded  services, providing access to  our teams of experts where  and when needed. Today  we have breadth and depth  in seven service lines. Provide access to development  services and exclusive technology  platforms that enhance both   the visual elements and the  unseen performance aspects   of video games. €42.0m +30% Functional Testing Quality assurance, including  discovery and documentation   of game defects and testing to  verify the game’s compliance   with hardware manufacturers’  and app stores’ specifications,   as well as focus group and   user experience testing   and consulting. €19.9m +22% Customer Support 24/7, multilingual support for  gamers when games are in live  operation, forum monitoring   and moderation services and  social media engagement on  behalf of the game brand. €9.2m +64% 9% 33% Americas Los Angeles Mexico City Montreal  Orlando Portland Raleigh Rio de Janeiro Saint Jerome Seattle Quebec City Asia Beijing  Chengdu Dalian Manila  New Delhi Pune Shanghai  Singapore  Taipei  Tokyo Yogyakarta Zhengzhou Europe Barcelona Brighton Dublin Hamburg Krakow London  Liverpool Madrid Milan Paris  Rome Eastern Europe St. Petersburg Volgograd  City locations   Small operations 28% 20% 13% 17% 6% 06 KEYWORDS STUDIOS PLC  Strategic Report Chairman’s Statement Significant   growth globally The Group’s strong performance   reflects the continuation of   our proven strategy. Ross Graham Chairman 07 16 KEYWORDS STUDIOS PLC