 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 We monitor the highest grossing casinos  in Las Vegas, New York, and Singapore. Gaming is one of the most technically demanding, highly regulated  leisure industries in the world. Monitoring vast, crowded facilities in  low-light conditions where massive amounts of cash constantly  changes hands creates a distinctive and challenging surveillance  environment for our clients. We have a deep and unique  understanding of our clients’  issues and challenges.  And, we draw on this to create solutions they can  rely on completely – giving them peace of mind  by securing the people, assets, and livelihoods  that they are responsible for protecting. We secure 60% of the UK’s   nuclear power stations. Our commercial and public sector customers require sophisticated  yet user-friendly solutions to protect critical infrastructure, often  in large scale, operationally difficult environments, which present  great technical complexity. serving 55  countries Introduction 03 Synectics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Introduction 04 Synectics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement Overview Last year saw the 30th anniversary of the start-up of Synectics. I believe these  will remain the foundation for a sustainable and prosperous  future for the Company. Other underlying factors that influenced our results include a  global gaming market that remained buoyant, increased demand  from infrastructure customers, such as utilities, data centres and  transport hubs, and a sharp decline in new bus deliveries in the UK. Further detail is set  out in the Outlook section below. An improvement in operating margins across both of the Group’s  divisions led to a 15% increase in underlying profit before tax 1  to  £3.0 million (2016: £2.6 million). On a constant currency basis 2 , these results benefited directly by  around £0.2 million from the impact of the depreciation of sterling  across the year on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. As such, the pressures on  employees are often considerable and are consistently borne with  fortitude and good humour. We recognise and are deeply grateful  for their continuing contributions to the business. Outlook The 2018 financial year has begun in line with the Board’s expectations. Despite entering the current  financial year with an order book and qualified pipeline of new  business 50% higher than at the same time last year, we anticipate  at this stage that the profit contribution