 I am pleased to report that the year-end audit and  subsequent review of revenue recognition did not  show up any additional material problems around  accounting irregularities, nor did it increase the size  of the related adjustment materially. 2017 proved to be a year of change and  contrasting performance for Idox; after a promising  start to the year, it is disappointing to report on a  mixed set of results for the year as a whole. The early part of the year was focused on  completion of the acquisition of 6PM, a software  and solutions business whose main customer  is the UK NHS, which represented a significant  expansion in the health and social care market. Results Summary A summary of our financial key performance indicators is  presented above. Idox grew revenues by 16% but organic growth suffered due to  the one off issues that occurred during the year, as outlined in  the Chief Executive’s Statement. The overall Group margin declined to 21%  from 28% in the previous year. In practice this was not possible and 6pm licences were recognised over  time resulting in a £1m difference between expected revenues and actual  revenues recognised. * Bank debt remains within the Group’s banking  facilities, and the net debt / EBITDA ratio as at  31 October was 1.7 times. Halarose significantly consolidates  our position in elections. The Board believes that  both will deliver earnings enhancing contributions in  future periods. Summary Following the disappointment at the year- end regarding delayed contracts and revenue  recognition, I am pleased that these matters have  now been clarified and that we can look forward  with confidence to the new financial year. I am therefore confident of  the Group’s future prospects. This creates a great   working environment where  innovation and creativity  come together to deliver  excellent results for  our clients.” 07 Company Information Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report Overview Strategic Report >  Our Strategic Overview Chief Executive’s Review Richard Kellett-Clarke Chief Executive Officer The failure to achieve the year end numbers is  the result of a perfect storm of issues. This was aggravated by a general election  year, which served to push contract activity out  towards the end of the financial year, and revenue  recognition which was intended to ensure we hit  year end targets but proved too aggressive. This will be completed  during H1 2018 with a new streamlined  organisational structure. • Target £7m of cost savings (10%) through   the identification of cost synergies and  technological overlaps in the business to aid  productivity and efficiency. A review of Group pricing and revenue  recognition policy with external input from  independent accountants to ensure consistency  and clarity and improve cash conversion. 10 Idox plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 October 2017 We