 Overall Group NPS measure  2017: 45.2 (2015: 36.7) +3pts * Group Airline NPS measure   2017: 26.6 (2015: 23.8) +7 pts * Own-Brand Hotels and  Resorts NPS measure  2017: 38.7 (2015: 31.5)  CUSTOMER AT OUR HEART    MAKES US WHO WE ARE… * Increase from 2015. OVERVIEW our opportunity for growth THOMAS COOK GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 9 STRATEGIC REPORT  CHAIRMAN’S  ST A TEMENT  2017 has been a year of considerable strategic progress  at Thomas Cook. After five years of hard work to reposition Thomas Cook,  there is a real sense of energy and momentum in the  business – and tangible evidence of execution. Despite the competitive backdrop, the Group delivered  an £28 million increase in underlying operating profit  to £330 million, an eight per cent increase year-on-year,  and net profit of £12 million, the third consecutive year  of positive net profit after tax. We also took further steps  to strengthen the balance sheet. This builds on the work the Group has  done over the last five years to progressively improve  the terms and maturity of its debt to provide it with  greater flexibility and a more robust capital structure  over the medium term. The progress the business made operationally should  be seen alongside a number of very significant steps  the Group took in 2017 to better position the business  for the future. In September, the business secured what promises to  be a ground-breaking alliance with Expedia. Meanwhile,  a new strategic partnership with Swiss hotel property  development company, LMEY Investments, establishes the  launch pad to develop and grow Thomas Cook’s portfolio  of own-brand hotels, key to the successful delivery of the  Group’s profitable growth strategy. Moving onto the business of the Board, we were  pleased to welcome two new Non-Executive Directors  in July, Jürgen Schreiber and Paul Edgecliffe-Johnson. Jürgen brings a breadth of international experience  across retail and consumer goods including Chief  Executive roles in both a publicly-listed company and  large private companies. In January 2018, we will also welcome a new Executive  Director to the Board when Bill Scott takes over from  Michael Healy as CFO following Michael’s decision to  retire. On behalf of the Board,  I would like to thank Peter Fankhauser, CEO, and every  one of the 22,000 colleagues across the business for their  commitment and hard work in the past year. FRANK MEYSMAN  CHAIRMAN 21 November 2017 “ We are at an exciting point in the  development of this company as we  pursue our unique strategy to focus  on our core holidays and streamline  THOMAS COOK GROUP PLC Annual