 10 Urban&Civic plc — Annual Report and Accounts 2017 — CHAIRMAN’ S S T A TEMENT I am very pleased to be able to report continued  advancement across the course of the financial  year and beyond. The Group has made significant  additional strides since September with the sale  of almost half of our remaining commercial and  leisure assets and the redeployment of some of the  proceeds into the important purchase of Priors Hall  in Northamptonshire. The project is one that our  management team has been tracking for several  years and which we worked hard to buy. Our Master Developer  model places a premium on quality and accelerated  delivery and has gained real traction with our  housebuilder customers. The licence structure  encourages build‑ out by those housebuilders, whilst  contracted minimum annual payments underpin  the Group’s future cash flows. Priors Hall is part constructed and slots at the  front of a chronology of what are now six strategic  projects. The much publicised Oxford to Cambridge rail line  is being designed to encourage incremental  housing as well as to re‑ establish transport links  across the middle of the country. Those clear  objectives play to the strengths of our management  in combining placemaking with transport. Shareholders should not take the recent realisations  as a sign that we are giving up on commercial  development. Instead the intention is that  anything of scale will be forward funded in future. The stamp duty increase to five per cent announced  in the March 2016 Budget has gone a large way to  negating any yield advantage on the sale of investment  properties. Institutional pre‑ funding is also consistent with  the Board’s stated policy of a high level of financial  prudence. The stature of our partnerships with Aviva,  Dioceses of the Church of England, the Ministry of  Defence (via Defence Infrastructure Organisation)  and Trusts from Nuffield College and Oxford  University are testimony to our financial approach  and our insistence on doing things the right way. We are delighted to have him as we are sad  to see Bob Dyson stand down at the forthcoming AGM  in February. Bob was on the Board of Terrace Hill  originally and has played a key role in transitioning  through to the current positioning for future growth. Conditions are not getting any easier and uncertainties  abound. Employment levels in  our selected areas of high population growth are at  record highs. There is much now in the corporate  tank but still more that can be achieved. Alan Dickinson Non‑ Executive Chairman 27 November 2017 ALAN DICKINSON — NON-EXE CUTIVE CHAIRMAN Placing a premium on quality 11 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 — Urban&Civic plc   12 Urban&Civic plc — Annual Report and Accounts 2017 — CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT IN SUMMARY