 4 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 5 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 WE WIN NEW CUSTOMERS  AND SELL MORE TO  EXISTING CUSTOMERS We have a strong track record of developing  new revenue streams and are fast to move as the  market evolves. Despite our success we see more  opportunities for organic growth. WE DELIVER OUTSTANDING  CUSTOMER SERVICE We seek to provide truly outstanding levels of service  to our customers and we believe that is a direct function  of the talent we recruit, the training we give them  and their level of engagement. FANTASTIC PEOPLE DELIVERING  OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE Business model 99% customer satisfaction  for seven years in a row  Customer numbers   ’000 Gross profit per customer   £’000 WE INCENTIVISE AND  7 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s statement continued  Y ou have six branches now; how did they each perform? For me the standout performers were  Manchester and London. The vast majority of our business is in the UK but we assist  an increasing number of our customers with their  requirements outside the UK. How have you performed against   your business model this year? Most sales  people join straight from university or at early stages of  their career. This has been supplemented by a successful  apprenticeship scheme which has been recognised with  a number of awards this year. Once in the organisation, we strive to be a great place to  work and to fully motivate our employees. Again, we aren’t perfect and know  that while once again our customer satisfaction survey  produced outstanding results and our customers continued  to increase the amount of business they do with Softcat,  we can still get better and we are very much “on it”, which  was our Company phrase of the year in 2017 and is the  theme of this Annual Report. These include  Partner of the Year awards from HPE, Mimecast, Veeam  and others. What is your latest view on   cloud and how it is affecting you? For example  we may previously have sold Microsoft licensing agreements  for Office which were installed by customers on their sites. Some customers may effectively outsource the management  and possibly ownership of that infrastructure to a third party. This is often known as the private cloud and a small part  of Softcat’s business is running private cloud environments  for our customers. For reasons of control, security, cost and the difficulty of  porting legacy applications to the cloud, customers’ own  infrastructure and private cloud infrastructure still has its  place. Overall, however, we see a continuing trend  from customers to transition towards the public cloud for  an increasing number of workloads. This is effectively an  opportunity to augment our already very large subscription  licensing business, a part of the business we’ve been well  known for throughout our history and received many  plaudits for. In terms of what you do,   what do you want to be famous for? We want to be the go-to security  company in the market and the partner of choice for cloud  and datacentre. There’s plenty to do but we’re well on  our way. Strategic report 9 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s statement continued And your transition to Chairman? How is that going  and when will the new Chief Executive be announced? I haven’t started transitioning to the role of Chairman and I  am still fully focused and totally committed to being Chief  Executive of Softcat until a new Chief Executive is on board  and in place. If you  just take the list of the top 100 VARs in the UK and put our  turnover against the aggregated total, that gives us c.6.5%  market share. And there’s a lot more than 100 VARs out  there. Our sales force strength and the breadth and depth  of our capability have never been better and there’s great  momentum in the Company. We’re lucky to  have a very broad portfolio and our customer-centricity  and flexibility allow us to move quickly to the areas in the  market where there is most demand, which makes us far  less vulnerable to more challenging technology segments. The opportunity is there for the taking but we are well  aware that only constant hard work, hunger and excellent  execution will allow us to take it. We can extend that opportunity by considering further  geographical expansion both locally and internationally  and by considering acquisitions. We will continue, as we  always have done, to consider both extremely carefully  and cautiously. And finally I would like to thank our business partners, who  continue to give Softcat a tremendous amount of support  for which we are extremely grateful. And to close, Martin, how has   financial