 Chairman’s Statement Achieving  our objectives " We will continue to work hard   to run our existing businesses   as efficiently and effectively  as possible whilst investing  for the future..." Peter Baker Non-Executive Chairman 4 Finsbury Food Group   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 We continue to make good progress   in line with our stated aim of becoming   a leading speciality bakery group   in the UK. We have delivered a resilient performance despite   the changing consumer and customer dynamics  and the challenging economic environment for   food manufacturers across the industry, which  has made the journey somewhat slower and  harder than expected. The Board has reviewed  the Group’s strategy in the light of these external   changes and has concluded that there is no need   for any radical change of direction and we still  firmly believe we are set on the right path to  achieve our goal. The Board welcomed Bob Beveridge as a   Non-Executive Director in July and he will be   joining the Audit Committee. This has led to an upswing  in the discounter’s market share and online  gains. A full financial review   is available further on in the Report. This was  demonstrated when the Board was presented  with the results of the first Group employee  engagement survey. The participation was  excellent and the results gratifying, with only   a few areas marked for improvement. Investing for the Future The Group’s capital investment of £12.5m  means we have completed, or are in the throes  of completing, some very important strategic  projects. A new cake line is coming on stream  in Cardiff and there is a new IT system being  rolled out which will give a common platform  for the whole business. The benefits of these  and other projects will help improve our overall  productivity and offset increases in our cost base. This consultation will  conclude mid-October. Strategy for Continued Growth The licensing of brands is an important part of the   business and we have worked hard to improve  and strengthen our relationships with existing  licensees and we were delighted to launch a  range of Mary Berry cakes in the second half  of the year. We continue to win awards for our products and   to add to our capabilities, such as in a new cupcake   line and an artisan bread production facility,  both meeting the needs of changing consumer  demands. Their passion, energy  and contribution continues to drive the  business forward. £314.3m £17.5m 3.0p £16.6m The Group's revenue for the 52  weeks was £314.3m, up 0.3%, on   a like for like basis, compared to  last year's adjusted 52