 STRATEGY IN ACTION 04 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT & ACCOUNTS 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT A strong finish   from a difficult start The Group ended on a high in a year of two halves. Together with the interim  dividend of 2.44 pence per share (2016:   2.44 pence) paid in April, this makes a total  dividend for the year of 7.466 pence (2016:  7.32 pence), a rise of 2.0%. BOARD CHANGES I will be retiring at the AGM on 29 November  2017, as will Non-Executive Director (NED)  Sean Christie. Having served two full  three-year terms, Senior independent   NED Sir David Naish will also be retiring by  rotation. Barrie Clapham will resume the  position of Chairman on an interim basis   as the Group commences a recruitment  process to find a more permanent  successor. The Board will continue   to work in a sustainable way to deliver  incremental shareholder value over the  longer term. At the  same time we will continue to explore   and fund the organic growth opportunities  of the subsidiary companies. PEOPLE On behalf of the Board, I would like   to express sincere thanks to all our  employees for their hard work in delivering  these results, and for their continuing  commitment to ensuring we provide   our customers with products and service   of the highest quality. Maintaining and  improving these high standards is key   to our future success. Assuming harvest proceeds as it should,   an increase in the planted area will see a  gross crop yield that will exceed demand  and therefore deflate raw material prices. A solid start to the year sees trading in line  with forecast and the new business gains,  and new contractual arrangements with  established customers give us much  enhanced visibility on both volume and  margins in our core retail potato business. Improved margins The Group continues to seek  opportunities to add businesses that  deliver higher margins and enhance  profitability and shareholder returns. This could come from processed  products or other fresh vegetables  where our key strengths in commercial  and supply chain management can   add value and deliver synergies. All this allows us to feel  confident in the Group’s ability to achieve  good progress during the current year. While   we have encountered no difficulties in  recruitment to date, and return rates of  seasonal staff remain high, clear direction  from the Government is required to ensure  a Brexit agreement that maintains access  to this essential resource. well positioned for further new business wins. 09 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT & ACCOUNTS 2017 Directors’ Report Financial Statements Overview Strategic Report CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT Strength   in diversity Diversification, investment, new