 Highlights of our year Products We manufacture our own products in our specialist facilities  worldwide, as well as sourcing from over 400 partners. This way  we   are   able   to   offer   scientists   the   newest   and   best   research   tools  available globally regardless of source. Customers Our   customers   are   research   scientists   who   need   high   performance  products   with   detailed   technical   specifications.   Our   information-rich  products,   together   with   expert   customer   support   and   fast   delivery,  Chief Executive Officer’s review Our strategy leads to long-term  sustainable growth continued We   have   delivered   strong   revenue   growth,   with   all   geographic  areas and main product categories performing at levels  above   underlying   market   growth   rates. In   a   year   with   political  uncertainty in large markets such as the US and Europe, our  business has remained focused on serving customers well. Our history and strengths in digital marketing continue to  support our business well and we are making increasing  use of data to enhance our product selection, website  and marketing in order to attract new customers and  satisfy more needs of our existing customers. By product type,  we   continue   to   grow   primary   antibody   revenue   ahead   of   the  global   market   growth   rate. Product quality is a priority for our customers and, therefore,  a   major   focus   of   our   work   and   investment   at   Abcam. We continue to work closely with our suppliers to ensure  that they meet our high standards. These products contain all the reagents researchers  need to run an experiment and save researchers considerable  time. We believe Abcam can address up to $5bn  of that total through in vitro diagnostic (IVD) products, other  antibodies and immunoassays and biological therapeutics. In our largest market, the US, it has been a year of uncertainty  around the funding environment following the presidential  election. Selectively pursue partnerships and acquisitions. Read more about our achievements against these priorities  in the Strategic Priorities section. As the Company and the market direction  are evolving, we are refining our multi-year goals and KPIs. Updated strategic KPIs FY 2018 target Recombinant antibody revenue growth 20–25% Immunoassay revenue growth 20–25% Customer engagement: transactional NPS 55–65% Delivering results from our investments Business systems Abcam   is   a   rapidly   growing   organisation   and   it   is   important   that  we have the IT systems infrastructure and business processes  to   support   this   growth. We   are   investing   in   building   enhanced  capabilities, processes and systems centred around the  Oracle Cloud ERP system. We are resolutely focused on delivering a high quality  solution that is scalable and will deliver future efficiency  improvements. During   the   year,   we   have   chosen   to   adopt   additional functionality, including a Warehouse Management  System,   and   we   have   successfully   implemented   the   HR   and  certain customer service modules and are making good  progress towards full implementation in FY 2018. UK facilities We currently operate from three separate sites in Cambridge,  which are not only at the end of their leases, but also at the  end of their operational lives. Outlook There is significant momentum across the business as we  continue   to   grow   our   revenues   ahead   of   the   market   in   every  region   we   serve. Alan Hirzel Chief Executive Officer 8 September 2017 9 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Abcam plc Strategic report The global life science research tools  market is estimated to be $2.7bn, of which  the primary antibody research sector is  estimated at $906m.  Academic funding is variable across countries, but good  increases   have   been   seen   this   year   in   many   regions,   with   EU  and US