 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 1 We are very pleased with the progress made  across our pipeline. The licensing of SRA737 to  Sierra Oncology places the development and  marketing of this exciting oncology candidate  in the hands of a highly experienced team. The agreement has the potential to provide  substantial funds, enabling us to advance  and broaden our own pipeline programmes,  and overall provides important validation of  our business model and drug R&D expertise. At a Glance See our  research  update on  page 6 What we do Sareum is a specialist drug discovery and development  company delivering targeted small molecule therapeutics,  focusing on cancer and autoimmune disease, and  generating value through licensing them to international  pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies at the  preclinical or early clinical trials stage. Our year June At the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), Sierra  Oncology reported initial progress of the two ongoing Phase 1  trials of SRA737, including the start of the cohort expansion phase  of the monotherapy trial. In addition, Sierra presented two posters  describing the innovative clinical designs of these trials. August Aurora+FLT3 patent grant notifications received for China  and Hong Kong. Sareum eligible to receive 27 .5% of economics  and received £1.5 million share of US$7 million upfront on signing. January Received £450k share of US$2 million success milestone payment  as part of SRA737 licence agreement on transfer of two ongoing  Phase 1 clinical trials to Sierra Oncology. Successful conclusion to the BioMedical Catalyst funded  feasibility study for TYK2, with lead compounds showing  tumour regression in a disease model of T-ALL. 2016 2017 November Updated results from TYK2 cancer research programme  presented at AACR-NCI-EORTC. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 Drug development pipeline Sareum’s pipeline is built on the drug Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 Important clinical progress with  SRA737, a novel Chk1 kinase inhibitor SRA737 (formerly CCT245737) is a potent,