 2  Avanti Communications Group plc   Annual Report and Accounts 2017     Revenue of $56.6m for the full year (2016: $82.8m)    Significant provision against receivable from the Government of Indonesia   Impairment charges against HYLAS 1, HYLAS 2, and Filiago   Finance restructuring plan launched to equitise all of the 2023 notes, and to reduce the  interest rate on the 2021 notes.   Cash at the year end of $32.7m (2016: $56.4m)   Net debt 1  at the year end of $562.0m (2016: $588.9m)   David Williams, CEO, steps down shortly after the year end.    1 Net debt comprises current and non-current loans and borrowings less cash and cash equivalents.    STRATEGIC REPORT  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT      Avanti Communications Group plc   Annual Report and Accounts 2017  3   In the first half of the financial year, Avanti’s financial  position suffered disruption when the additional debt  facilities sought were not forthcoming on suitable  terms. The disruption of the first six months of the year led to a lengthening  of the sales cycle as our customers and potential customers waited  for the refinancing and strategic review to be completed. Nevertheless, Avanti did win some significant business towards the  end of the year. The award of a new 3 year contract worth up to $21  million to deploy several hundred services to government sites  across Africa with an existing government customer strengthens our  business with governments across our target markets. Furthermore,  the SaT5G (Satellite and Terrestrial network for 5G) project has  started well. This project will research, develop and validate key  technologies required to enable the plug-and-play integration of  satellite communications into 5G networks. The project will trial and  assess these through live testbed demonstrations across Europe  Shortly after the year end David Williams, Chief Executive and co- founder, left the business. Alan has 25 years of experience in  European and African telecoms markets. He has worked at  Vodafone as Group Strategy Director and more recently founded  and ran Eaton Towers, which served most of the major telco that are  a key part of the strategy for expansion at Avanti. Alan is focussed  on rebuilding the sales momentum of the business and ensuring  that the Group has a go to market strategy 4  Avanti Communications Group plc