 Carlisle Park, Swinton, South Yorkshire 2 MJ Gleeson plc: Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 June 2017 Chairman’s Statement Gleeson Homes exceeded 1,000 unit sales for the first time,  increasing volumes by 12.1% to 1,013 units (2016: 904 units). Taking advantage of relatively  low land prices in its target areas in the North of England,  the division increased its land pipeline by 2,304 plots and   24 sites. Gleeson Strategic Land increased operating profit by 17.6%  to £12.0m (2016: £10.2m) by continuing to secure attractive  residential planning consents and satisfying demand for  development sites from both medium sized and large  housebuilders. Profit for the year attributable to equity holders   of the parent company was £26.2m (2016: £23.0m). Return on capital employed increased by 220 basis points to   25.4% (2016: 23.2%). Affordability for low income families buying a Gleeson home  remained attractive and mortgage availability continued  to support the young first time buyers who make up a large  proportion of Gleeson Homes buyers. The Government’s White Paper on housing, published in  I am pleased to report a  milestone year for volumes and  another excellent year of growth  in margins, profit and cash. Dermot Gleeson Chairman “ “ February 2017, was supportive of the approach to affordable  housing on which Gleeson Homes’ business model is based  and contains proposals which will, if adopted, make it easier  for the division to secure planning permissions. Gleeson Strategic Land continued to experience strong  demand from both medium-sized and large housebuilders for  consented land in high value areas in the South of England  and attracted multiple bidders for all of its land sales. Land We remain one of the few developers building low cost homes  on brownfield sites in challenging communities and such  sites continue to be available at relatively low cost. The division  will continue to commence building on sites as soon as a fully  implementable planning permission is obtained. Gleeson Strategic Land continued to source developable  sites in the South of England. Employees The Group’s strong performance during the year reflects the  dedication and hard work of our employees. On behalf of the Board, I would like to congratulate and  thank them very warmly indeed. The actual number of employees at the  year-end was 405 (2016: 333). Dividends  Reflecting the Group’s strong financial performance and  our confidence in the prospects for the current year and  beyond, the Board is recommending a final dividend for   the year of 17.5 pence per share (2016: 10.0 pence per  share). Summary We have started the new financial year in a strong position. Robust customer demand and continuing site availability will  allow Gleeson Homes to continue to grow volumes and profit. Dermot Gleeson Chairman 22 September 2017 Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements Further Information