 1m +11.8% 94.1 84.2 73.6 15 16 17 Financial highlights *  Underlying measures exclude exceptional costs (note 7) and share‑based payments. Site investigation,  testing and monitoring  Testing of piles, soil nails and  ground anchors, as well as site  investigation and reporting. This step is important for the Group as not only does  it give us access to equity capital markets as we seek to grow the  business, but it has also resulted in enhanced governance and  improved discipline, which we implemented in preparation  for our IPO. As part of our continued development, the Group is launching  its own training academy to deliver an unequalled standard of  training to all industry professionals and companies. Van Elle revenue growth of 11.8% in the current year versus  an underlying market growth of only 2.2% is an exceptional  performance and reinforces the growth strategy being pursued  by the Directors as they seek to increase market share. In our view, given the ongoing chronic shortage of housing and  the economic multiplier effect of well targeted infrastructure  investment, we believe it is logical that these two sectors should  receive considerable further support from the Government. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 34–53 STRATEGIC REPORT 01–33 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 54–84 09 VAN ELLE HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Business model A structured but simple approach  to drive growth and profitability Our resources In providing geotechnical solutions, Van Elle  typically operates in the early stages of a  construction project. Our market focus:  l state‑of‑the‑art equipment to  enable us to undertake the widest  range of jobs in the shortest time;  l broad coverage for all geotechnical  solutions, providing resilience to  market changes and supporting  us to lead on innovation;  l Van Elle provides unique solutions  giving improved customer results  and Van Elle profitability;  l vertically integrated model ensures  supply chain best practice; and  l in‑house transport fleet enables  us to respond to customer  requirements promptly and enables  high rig utilisation levels. Description EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax,  depreciation and amortisation charges and  is a measure of operational performance. This measure tracks our underlying  performance and demonstrates our ability  to grow profitably and to expand our margins. Underlying EPS is stated before exceptional  items and share‑based payment charges. Description By looking at cash generation at the  operational level the quality of our profits  can be tracked. which reflects our investment in both  our facilities and specialist equipment and  techniques for delivering targeted growth  in end markets. Performance Strong underlying EBITDA growth of 12.9%  in the year and a CAGR of 51.6% p.a. This was the result of a slow  first quarter and the challenging fourth  quarter experienced in rail, which did not  leverage our rig utilisation and overhead  due to revised work scheduling and project  deferments by clients. Failure to continue in operation or to meet our liabilities. Failure to achieve targets for revenue, profit and earnings. Structured bid review process in operation throughout the Group with well  defined selectivity criteria that are designed to ensure we take on contracts  only where we understand and can manage the risks involved. Non-compliance with our Code of Business Conduct Not maintaining high standards of ethics and compliance in conducting our business  or failing to meet local or regulatory requirements. Substantial damage to our brand and/or large financial penalties. Operating and encouraging the use of a whistleblowing facility. A Board‑led commitment to achieve zero accidents. Implementing management systems that conform to Occupational Health  and Safety Assessment Systems (ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001). The Group is committed to providing equal opportunities to all  current and future employees and values the difference that a  diverse workforce can contribute to the organisation. The division’s focus on rig utilisation and operational execution  of its contracts has resulted in an increase in gross margin  to 32% (2016: 31%). This new capability meant that we could redesign the  piles to carry the required loads and install them using a CFA solution (712 piles ranging  from 400 to 500mm diameter and from 13 to 34m in depth), significantly reducing both the  programme duration and costs for our end client. Revenue growth of 16.6% was driven by strong performance in  restricted access with Van Elle securing its largest ever contract  at Eden Brows, which is detailed in the case study opposite. Given the large addressable market for geotechnical and ground  stabilisation services, the Directors believe that there is scope to  increase the division’s market share by capitalising on the Group’s  established brand and reputation. Our EBITDA, before exceptional IPO costs  and share‑based payment charges, for the year ended 30 April 2017  was £16.3m (2016: £14.4m), which represented an increase of 12.9%. 2017 £’000 2016 £’000 Change % Underlying EBITDA 16,250 14,388 12.9% Share‑based payments (77) — — Exceptional items (1,781) — — EBITDA 14,392 14,388 — Depreciation/amortisation (4,687) (3,333) — Operating profit 9,705 11,055 (12.2%) Underlying EBITDA 17.3% 17.1% EBITDA 15.3% 17.1% Underlying operating margin 12.3% 13.1% Operating margin 10.3% 13.1% Our strategy is to invest and direct  our resources into growth markets.” Exceptional costs Exceptional items, by their size, incidence or nature, are disclosed  separately to allow a better understanding of the underlying  performance of the Group. Adrian Barden Non-Executive Chairman Mr Barden has worked in the  construction materials industry  for over 40 years across Europe,  and was previously chairman  of the Construction Products  Association and chief business  development officer of  Wolseley plc, as well as a board  member of Sanitec Corporation  Sweden.