 An explanation of the group’s use of alternative performance measures (APMs),  including definitions and reconciliations, is included on page 127. EBITDA represents earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and  exceptional and non-underlying items and is calculated as operating profit before  exceptional and non-underlying items adjusted for the depreciation and amortisation  charge for the period. Source: Coffer Peach Tracker, 52 weeks to end of April 2017. 69.9 Annual report 2017 GREENE KING PLC 5 STRATEGIC REPORT Chairman’s statement SUCCESSFUL INTEGRATION — In my first statement a year ago, I stated that Greene King was a strong  business with an excellent track record which, following the Spirit acquisition,  was at an exciting time in its development. Overview We achieved another year of record results and market outperformance,  driven by a good performance from the underlying business and an  additional seven-week contribution from Spirit. Group revenue grew 6.9%  to over £2.2bn, while operating profit before exceptional and non-underlying  items 1,2  increased by 4.9% to £411.5m. Profit before tax, exceptional and  non-underlying items 1,2  grew 6.6% to £273.5m, leading to a 1.3% increase  in adjusted earnings per share 1,2  to 70.8p. The board continues to target minimum dividend cover of around two  times earnings. People We have 44,000 talented and hard-working team members. The continued  success of the business during the Spirit integration demonstrates the effort  they have put in over the last 12 months. Board changes At the AGM in September 2016, Ian Durant retired from the board after  nine years, latterly as chairman of the audit committee. Rob Rowley took  over as audit chair at the same time. Uncertainty affecting both business and consumer confidence  is likely to continue following the recent election and the unknown length  and outcome of the Brexit negotiations. Our aim is to ensure that  Greene King emerges from the near-term period of uncertainty stronger  than ever and I look forward to STRATEGIC REPORT GREENE KING