 Company financial statements  108 Notes to the Company financial statements  110 INTRODUCTION At a glance We LOVE food at Premier Foods. Many of our brands have been part of UK  life for more than a century, but we don’t let them stand still – we’re constantly innovating in line  with our purpose to create the food our nation loves most for modern life. And today you'll find  our brands in 95% of British households 1 . Our Business   We operate primarily in the ambient food sector which continues to be the largest sector within the  total £179.1bn 2  UK grocery market. Our Grocery business is responsible for developing our portfolio of  brands in four key categories: Flavourings & seasonings; Cooking sauces & accompaniments; Quick  meals & soups and Ambient desserts. 1  £908m Quick meals & soups Batchelors, Smash No. More than  97% of what we sell is made in the UK from quality  ingredients, wherever we can sourced sustainably  from British suppliers and farmers. Expanding internationally Our International business is expanding rapidly. And we  continue to focus on building momentum closer   to home in Ireland. Once finalised,  this agreement will extend the Group's long-standing  partnership for at least another five years and be  expanded to cover a total of 46 countries with the  potential to use additional brands. Our key customers are the major UK supermarkets but we also serve a wide  range of other channels including: discounters; convenience stores; online;  wholesale and food service. Kantar Worldpanel Total Market Penetration for the 52 weeks to 26 March 2017. Institute of Grocery Distribution, UK Grocery June 2016. Premier Foods plc Annual report for the 52 week period ended 1 April 2017 02 INTRODUCTION Chairman's statement Dear shareholder,  2016/17 was a challenging year for the food industry  generally and for the categories in which we operate. As a consequence, we announced in January 2017,  that our financial results would be below expectation. Performance over the year Group underlying sales for the financial period   were £790.4m (-1.4%) and underlying Trading profit  was £117.0m (-9.3%). Our performance was impacted  by a change in retailer promotional strategies which  reduced category volumes, a time lag in recovering  input cost inflation and a period of warmer than   usual weather which impacted Grocery in the   second quarter. We did nevertheless manage to grow market share  for most of our core brands during the year and our  International business continued to deliver excellent  double-digit growth. We’ve already started  to distribute Nissin’s Soba brand of noodles in  the UK and recently launched Batchelors Super  Noodles in a pot format using Nissin’s technology  and manufacturing expertise. I’m also very pleased that we’ve been  able to announce the signing of non-binding Heads  of Terms with Mondelez International to renew our  long-standing licence to produce Cadbury cakes   in the coming years. This is targeted to deliver  cost savings of £20m over the next two years. I would like to thank  them for their contribution, as well as thanking all  colleagues for their hard work and commitment   over the year. We’ve  also been recognised externally for the progress  we’ve made on animal welfare and sustainable palm  oil and, encouragingly, we exceeded many of our  environmental targets through improving our focus  and efficiency. Board changes We welcomed Tsunao Kijima to the Board as  a representative of Nissin Foods, our largest  shareholder. In March 2017 we also announced the appointment  of Daniel Wosner as a representative director of  Oasis, an international investment firm who are now  our second largest shareholder. The search for a successor is underway led by Ian  Krieger, Senior Independent Director and further  details can be found on page 29. I believe management have moved  swiftly to adapt to the current situation and put in  place a robust plan which targets to deleverage the  business to below 3x Net debt to EBITDA in the next  three to four years through a more balanced focus on  revenue growth, cost efficiency and cash generation. I would like to thank shareholders for their significant  support for the Company during my tenure as  Chairman. I remain confident in the effectiveness of  our strategy, the strength of our brands, the quality   of our customer relationships and the experience of  our management team. I look forward to a bright   future for Premier Foods. products to meet  consumers’ needs • Excellent operational capability • Ability to manufactur e a diverse  range of pr oducts and format s • Experienced and dedicated  workforce Operations We create the  food the nation  loves most for  modern life STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executive's review It’s difficult to remember a year when there’s been  as much change in the food market as we’ve seen  in the last twelve months. The rapid switch from  food price deflation to inflation, changing retailer  promotional strategies and the surprise result of the  EU referendum have all combined to make this past  year a difficult one, not only for Premier Foods but  right across the UK food and drink industry. Like others, our results have been adversely affected  although I’m encouraged that we still out-performed  the majority of our peer group, particularly in the  latter half of the year.  Fundamentally we’re doing the right things and our 