 2 Strategic report QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Revenue £169.6m 2016: £139.3m 41% 33% 15% 11%  QinetiQ North America  EMEA Products  OptaSense  Space Products Global Products Delivers innovative solutions and products  to meet customer requirements. Undertakes  contract-funded research and development,  developing intellectual property in  partnership with key customers and  through internal funding with potential  for new revenue streams. EMEA Services £613.5m FY17 annual revenue 5,301 FY17 total employees Global Products £169.6m FY17 annual revenue 853 FY17 total employees QinetiQ North America What we do Develop and manufacture innovative defence  products specialising in unmanned systems,  survivability and maritime systems, along with  products in related commercial markets. Revenue c. £25m Key sites Farnborough, Winfrith, Portishead, UK;  Houston, USA; Calgary, Canada and  Dubai, UAE. EMEA Products What we do Provide research services and bespoke  technological solutions developed from  intellectual property spun out from EMEA  Services. QinetiQ Target Systems is reported  in EMEA Products. Over the summer, I  engaged in discussions with Non-executive Directors of  other companies listed on the London Stock Exchange  about the risks and opportunities presented by Brexit. In April 2015, we appointed Steve Wadey as CEO of  QinetiQ. Steve has significant defence sector experience  and is implementing a strategy to deliver sustainable  growth founded on a thorough understanding of  the dynamics in our markets and the needs of our  customers now and in the future. The Board and I  are encouraged by the progress that is being made  by Steve and his leadership team, and the momentum  that is clearly building in the implementation of our  strategic priorities. Performance In the year to 31 March 2017, we delivered increased  orders, revenue and profit. We would also like to thank Dr Malcolm Coffin, 4 Strategic report QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategy Over the last 18 months, Steve and his executive