 04 Safety   Read more about our strategy on   pages 12 to 23 Our strategy Our strategy focusses on three fundamental themes:    Providing a first class customer experience so that  everything we do is focussed on the customer   Innovating and doing things differently, and better  than our competitors   Cultivating strong client relationships Underpinning these is our commitment to keeping   our people and customers safe, and creating a culture  in which all staff are empowered to make appropriate  decisions. The  business has been stabilised and we have  created a solid platform for the future. Having previously identified the  underlying issues that had affected  the Group’s performance last year,  management has improved engineering  efficiency, addressed equipment  availability, structured the sales force   to ensure that we address large and SME  customers alike, embedded ownership  and accountability at a regional level,  and invested in upgrades to our IT and  management information systems; all  of which have led to improved business  performance. Jan Åstrand Chairman Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Results overview Revenue increased to £369.4m (2016:  £329.1m), following actions to better  address the SME market and improve   non-hire revenues. The hire fleet reduced by 11.4% to  £194.8m as a result of targeted disposals  and improved asset utilisation, whilst   net debt 1  fell significantly to £71.4m  (2016: £102.6m). The  Group has a strong balance sheet, and  substantial headroom with which to   grow organically or through targeted  value enhancing acquisitions in order   to strengthen our market position. Acquisition On 19 December 2016 we announced  the acquisition of the brand, business  and assets of Lloyds British Testing  Limited (‘Lloyds British’) from the  Administrator, PwC. Lloyds British is a  specialist business, which carries out  testing, certification, and inspection  of lifting equipment, and training from  locations across the United Kingdom. Dividend The Board is recommending a final  dividend of 0.67 pence per share, an  increase of 67.5%. The dividend will be paid on 11 August  2017 to shareholders on the register   at close of business on 7 July 2017. Board  David Shearer joined the Board as a   Non-Executive Director on 9 September  2016 and was subsequently appointed   to the Audit and Nomination Committees. Explanatory notes: 1 See note 19 to the Financial Statements. 2  Return on Capital Employed: Profit from  operations before amortisation divided by  the average of opening and closing capital  employed (where capital employed equals  shareholder funds and Net Debt 1 ). Summary The business has responded well to the  actions undertaken, and I am pleased  that the Chairman 06 Speedy Hire Plc