 Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 03 02  Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 StRA te GIC RePo Rt eu Ro Pe’S le ADING  ReGIo NAl AIR l INe o n course for a sustainable future At a glance Key figures for 2016/17 2,388 employees 8.8m passengers 199 scheduled routes 83 aircraft 64 scheduled destinations Flybe UK After resolving the major legacy  issues, we can now focus all of our  resources on growing a sustainable  regional airline.  t his year we served more  passengers – 8.8 million in total.  And we got them to their final  destination on time more often.  For the second year running, Flybe  was named the u K’s most punctual  airline and ranked sixth worldwide.  Capacity was higher than we  would have liked, therefore  this has been deployed on  33 new scheduled routes and  we have increased frequency  on existing routes. We reached  64 scheduled destinations  in 12 different countries.  We reviewed and optimised  our franchise partnerships. We  10  Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 Strategic r eport Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 11 Chairman’s statement Flybe needed a new way forward and a different culture Since the start of the turnaround in 2013, much has  been achieved. t his gives us the opportunity to refocus the business  on truly profitable routes and being really   customer-orientated. Given that Flybe was entering a new phase in its  development, we agreed that it was time for a new Chief  executive o fficer to lead the Company. Saad Hammad  stepped down and left the business by mutual consent  in o ctober last year. We are very pleased to have attracted such a  talented executive to lead our business. Christine has  made a very strong start to her Flybe career, and gives  her perspective on Flybe later in this report. o ver the past 12 months, Flybe has continued to  engage with both the u K and Scottish governments to  support regional aviation more effectively by providing  a level playing field versus international air travel and  other modes of transport. We agree that penalties for  excessive flight delays within an