 130  Notes to the financial  statements 158  Independent Auditors’  Report to the Members  of Workspace Group PLC  (Parent Company) 159  Parent Company  balance sheet 160  Parent Company  statement of changes  in equity 161  Notes to the Parent  Company financial  statements Additional Information 164 Five-year performance 164 Performance metrics 165 Property portfolio 2017 167 Glossary of terms 168 Investor information IBC Workspace Group online 2017 performance highlights  +1 6 % Trading profit after interest.* Wi-Fi infrastructure installed at 16 of our centres. £3 1,489 Raised by Workspace staff and customers  for charity. For more on our resources  and relationships, see pages  26 to 31. Add value to our properties We own all our properties  and operate them to generate  income over the long term. We reposition We carry out light internal  refurbishments to enhance both  pricing and property values. The  Workspace Advantage has  three core elements. People We are committed to the  constant development of our  people to ensure that we attract,  motivate and retain talented and  ambitious individuals. Suppliers and partners We carefully select partners who  add value to our customer offer,  while they benefit from building  relationships with London’s  business community. Overview Our Governance Strategic Report Financial Statements Additional Information 17 Workspace Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 This year, more than ever before,  we have seen increasing  evidence to give us confidence  in our strategy and business  model. Business owners all over London  are looking at their space  requirements and considering a  range of new factors when  assessing their occupational  requirements. With  our space attracting freelancers,  start-ups, established businesses  and larger, more traditional  organisations, the opportunities  for us to grow our business are  significant. This involved a wide-reaching  presence across digital and  social platforms, as well as  creative visuals placed in tube  carriages and stations all over  London to target commuters on  their way to and from work. However, with  businesses constantly evolving,  these criteria are not static and it  is crucial that we continue to  innovate and upgrade our  systems and practices to ensure  we are always enhancing our  offer. A tight control  over costs means that the  growth achieved in rental  income falls straight to the  bottom line and, as a result,  trading profit increased 15.5% to  £50.7m in the year. It’s been another active year for  the Workspace team, with a  number of new buildings coming  on stream, all of which have  performed ahead of  expectations. We have continued to  seize opportunities to expand  and, more recently, we acquired  a prime office building in the  heart of Fitzrovia. Right properties Creating modern growth environments. Right brand Increasing recognition and reputation. 18 Workspace Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s strategic review continued  The right  strategy   drives future  performance. In addition, our deep  knowledge of the real estate  market in London means  we have been successful in  acquiring new properties that  meet the demand for space  and will deliver attractive  returns to shareholders. Right properties One of the principal growth drivers  of our business is the letting  up of new and upgraded space  delivered by our refurbishment  and redevelopment pipeline. Right brand Workspace has a strong brand  and we work hard to ensure  that our offer is highly visible  to prospective customers as  they embark on their search for  office space. The Workspace Advantage Right market Right properties Right brand Right customers Right people 22 Workspace Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s strategic review continued  Strategy in action: Taking advantage of market  opportunities From a tired office building  that had reached its maximum  pricing potential, in a hugely  popular area just moments from  Farringdon’s Crossrail station,  Workspace has launched its  newest business centre on to  the market. Net rental income growth Definition Net rental income is the rental  income receivable after payment  of direct property expenses,  such as service charge costs,  and other direct unrecoverable  property expenses. Why this is important  to Workspace Trading profit after interest is a  key measure for Workspace and  determines dividend growth. We report and review this figure  at Board level on a monthly basis  compared to previous years and  to budget. Both the CEO  and CFO are incentivised on  Trading profit after interest. EPRA NAV per share Definition EPRA NAV per share is a  definition of net asset value  as set out by the European  Public Real Estate Association. It represents net assets after  excluding financial derivatives  and deferred taxation relating  to valuation movements and  derivatives. Dividend  per share is a key measure of  the returns we are providing to  our investors. Trading proﬁt after interest* (£m) 2016 2015 2017 50.7 43.9 26.6 +16% * Adjusted. Like-for-like rent roll growth** Definition Like-for-like properties are  those which have been