 9 2  Co n so l i d a t e d   s t a t e me n t   o f   c as h   fl ow s 9 3  No t e s   t o   t h e   co n so l i d a t e d   fi na nc i a l   s t a t e me n t s 1 1 2  Co m p a ny   s t a t e me n t   o f   fi na nc i a l   po s i t i o n 113 Company statement of changes in equity 16 AO World Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 16 Chairman’s statement It has been a year of further progress for AO, with strategic  developments on many fronts. Over the period, AO has established a new fully operational  35,000 sq. Group revenue increased by 17% to £701.2m.  Year-on-year UK revenue was up 12.7% to £629.7m (with AO branded  sales accounting for £557.9m, up 14.5% year on year). Revenue for our  European segment was £71.5m/€84.7m; up 52.3% year on year on  a constant currency basis. Cash at year end was c.£29.4m, before taking account of net  placing proceeds, which were received just a few days after the year end. In February we announced a transition in our Executive Director roles,  with Steve Caunce taking over as CEO and John Roberts assuming the  role of Founder. Further details  are set out in the governance section on page 52. In summary, the Group has continued to make good progress against its  strategy. Whilst the Board continues to be cautious given the uncertain  UK economic outlook and broadly expects the patterns of trading seen  in the second half of FY2017 to continue into the year ahead (with UK  business profits being reinvested in our European operations) the Board  is confident of achieving its stated goals over the years ahead. Geoff Cooper Chairman 5 June 2017 AO World Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 17 Overview   Strategic Report   Our Governance   Our Results   Shareholders’ Information Overview   Strategic Report   Our Governance   Our Results   Shareholders’ Information AO World Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 17 Dear Stakeholders, Last month, I received a letter from a customer, Moira, with the subject  title: “Love your company!” It’s at the core of our business, it’s the reason  we’ve succeeded, and it’s the reason we’ll continue to grow. Instead, we ask them, we listen to them, and then we innovate  for them. I write a personal letter to every single  customer who has written to me at AO with either a positive or a  negative comment. We have to make  sure that whatever we got wrong, we put right. We learn the lesson, and see it from their point of view. Like Peter, understanding and responding not only to Moira’s concerns,  but applying it to the business as a whole to make things better for  every one of our customers. Being an AO’er is a lot more than a job – The AO Way is  a way of life. Earlier in the year, Steve succeeded me as Chief Executive Officer. It ensures that  we can capitalise on all the team’s strengths as we continue to grow –  enabling me to focus on delivering for our customers and for AO’ers  by playing to my strengths as an innovator, and enabling Steve to  concentrate on strategy and performance delivery. He’s already  making a big difference to how we operate as a business, and I’m  immensely proud of our partnership. As I transition into the role of Founder , I want to look at  how the next generation will shop and understand better what they’ll want  and need from their experience. A brand is what  you are, who you are, why you are. We work very hard  on making sure that our staff appreciate what we are trying to do. We  are spread across many locations so only if everyone absorbs our  brand values will we remain consistent. Honing in on our brand message,  and getting it out there to people who haven’t used AO before, is one  of our key challenges in the coming months. The sponsorship of this year’s Britain’s Got Talent has kick-started that  challenge. At AO, we’ve always maintained  that happy staff equal happy customers. Underpinning our culture is  the belief that you can’t pay people to care and you can’t tell people to  have fun with customers; they’ve got to want to. It is by far our biggest single opportunity. John Roberts Founder John Roberts Founder AO World Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017