 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS +12.7% Revenue increased by 12.7%   to £822.0m (FY16: £729.2m) £15.7m Profit before taxation and  exceptional items (FY16: £18.2m) 12.7p Adjusted basic earnings   per share (FY16: 14.7p) £13.6m Cash flow from operations before  exceptional items (FY16: £19.5m) £11.7m Profit before tax (PBT)  (FY16: £16.9m) 4.23p 1.33p interim dividend paid,   2.90p final dividend proposed Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 7 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT The Company’s dedication   to offering Choice, Value   and Service will ensure that  Motorpoint remains   the Car Buyer’s Champion. Whilst there are always lessons to be  learned, I believe that management made  appropriate decisions in this period of  uncertainty and reduced demand. The  impact of these external factors was also  exacerbated by our accelerated site  opening programme, which, although it  bodes well for long term value creation,   did stretch management resources,   an issue which we have addressed. Our management team has   been strengthened and broadened. Dividend  I am pleased to announce that the Directors  have recommended a final dividend of   2.90 pence per share, which would give   a total for the year of 4.23 pence per share. This represents dividend cover of 3 times   of adjusted EPS. 8 Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report EMPLOYEES CUSTOMERS SHAREHOLDERS Your Board  I am delighted to be working with our  independent non-executives with each of  Mary McNamara, Gordon Hurst and Steve  Weller joining on our flotation in May 2016. They bring a wealth of experience and  independence, and already the Board is  working very effectively. I look forward to  their support over the years ahead. David Shelton, co-founder of Motorpoint   and an Executive Director, will be making   a phased shift from being executive to  non-executive over the next nine months. Mark Morris Chairman 12 June 2017 THE RIGHT CULTURE FOR SUCCESS Our Vision To be the Car Buyer’s Champion   by offering unrivalled Choice, Value   and Service. We will offer a warm and friendly  welcome. • We will prepare your vehicle to the  Motorpoint Standard. • We will actively resolve any questions  or issues you may have. • We create team spirit through positivity,  support, feedback and fun. • We are adventurous by embracing  change and challenging the status quo. • We are passionate, determined and  proud of what we do. Our Team Member Commitments • We will be open minded and  approachable. • We will provide a safe working  environment. • We will provide industry leading training  and development.