 OUR HIGHLIGHTS Assets Under Management Equivalents $58.2bn 2016: $52.9bn +10% Revenue £23.9m 2016: £21.1m +13% Earnings per share 2.91p 2016: 2.55p +14%   Clients 59 2016: 58 +2% Profit before tax £8.7m 2016: £6.9m +26% Ordinary dividend per share 2.00p 2016: 1.65p +21% Special dividend per share 0.91p 2016: nil Record plc Annual Report 2017 3 Sales office New York Sales   representative  Germany Sales   representative  Switzerland Head office  Windsor Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information The Group’s main geographical markets are the UK, North America  and Continental Europe, in particular Switzerland. CHAIRMAN’S   STATEMENT Neil Record Chairman 1. “ Own cash” includes Group  assets managed as cash  excluding non-controlling interests  (see Financial statements note 16). Record plc Annual Report 2017 5 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information for the final and special dividends referred  to below) of £23.1 million and overheads  of £11.7 million, the current capital  structure, with a surplus of just under  24 months, reflects this policy. Given  this, the Board has decided that conditions  are now right for a change in the capital  policy. This new  policy will still ensure a significant capital  buffer over regulatory requirements. Consequently the Board is considering  the return of approximately £10 million  of excess capital to shareholders so that  our capital structure conforms to our new  policy. Record will provide an update on  this to the market shortly. In line with such policy  and improved profitability, the Board is  recommending a 21% increase in the  ordinary full year dividend to 2.00 pence  per share. In setting the interim and final dividends,  the Board will be mindful of setting a level  of ordinary dividend payments which it  expects to be at least covered by earnings  and which allows for future sustainable  dividend growth by the business in line with  the trend in profitability. The Board intends  to continue its approach of considering  returning to shareholders any excess of  earnings over the sum of ordinary dividends  for the financial year and increased capital  requirements, normally in the form of  special dividends. Group strategy The Group believes its core strategies  remain appropriate to achieve sustainable  growth in the business. Our primary focus  is still maintaining our existing revenue base  and growing this further through excellent  client service and relationships. Constant innovation is key to meeting  the needs of our clients in a challenging  environment. This innovation can be seen in each of our  established products, where our strategy  has been continually to enhance the value  proposition offered to clients in order to resist  competitive pressures on revenue margins. The Board There were a number of important changes  made to the Board during the year. I would like to thank them  both most warmly for their commitment and  valuable guidance over the past nine years  and wish them both well for the future. Following the conclusion to a succession  plan starting in late 2014, and allowing  for a period of smooth transition and  handover, we welcomed Rosemary Hilary  to the Board as non-executive director  in June 2016, having previously also  welcomed Jane Tufnell to the Board in  September 2015. Outlook Global financial markets continue to  experience a mix of predicted and  unexpected developments. Whilst the  outcome of the French presidential election  was as anticipated by markets, both the  United Kingdom and United States by  contrast continue to experience political  instability. Elections in Germany and  elsewhere in Europe, as well as the ongoing  Brexit negotiations, still contain the capacity  to surprise. Geopolitical instability, whether  from the Middle East or South East Asia, also  continues to have an impact on markets. This environment continues to provide  opportunities to engage with clients, to  understand their objectives, and to develop  tailored solutions. Record has the strategies,  track records, operational systems and most  importantly the people to do so. Record’s success is a consequence  of the hard work, commitment and  professionalism of our people. On behalf of  the Board, I would like to thank everyone  at Record for their valuable contribution  towards this success. Neil Record Chairman 15 June 2017 Record plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic report 6 Record is reporting growth in AUME,  underlying revenues and underlying  earnings. The environment of political uncertainty  and change, and the resultant significant  moves in currency markets, have focused  investors’ attention on the opportunities  presented by currency management. The environment of political uncertainty and change  creates opportunities for Record to demonstrate its  full range of currency management skills.