 STRATEGIC REPORT 1 Annual report and accounts 2017 Collagen Solutions plc STRATEGIC REPORT At a glance Making strong progress A GLOBAL REGENERATIVE  BIOMATERIALS COMPANY SEPTEMBER Invited to participate in an upcoming  Horizon 2020 project, which will  enhance our scientific expertise  and provide us with funding. Our vision Be the industry’s first choice for  regenerative biomaterials. Our team We have scientific expertise and a collaborative  approach, providing a faster time to market,  improved production and a superior product  range for our customers. Our markets We serve three primary customer markets: research  and diagnostics, medical devices and regenerative  medicine. FEBRUARY  Raised up to £10.8 million, helping  us accelerate our strategic plans to  create significant shareholder value  by growing revenue five times within  five years. Brad Selman, VP Global Sales  and Marketing, appointed. Patent coverage has also been  established in the US and New Zealand. MEDICAL-GRADE COLLAGEN •  Collagen is a primary structural protein in tissues  and provides a conducive environment for cells. • Pericardium examples of uses: heart valves and  dental membranes. • Pericardium Collagen fibres Collagen fibrils  Collagen molecules  (triple helices) Amino acid chains 8 hard work and what we have achieved together in the growth of  the business to date, and I look forward to continued interaction  via his continued membership of the Scientific Advisory Board. The investment in the multi-purpose processing facility  in New Zealand last year has allowed product development and  prototyping to be carried out, which will generate further revenues  in the coming year. Our activities in entering the Chinese market continue with Cre8ive,  where we have been successful in achieving initial shipments  of product via our import agents and are in discussion with  potential customers. Results The Group’s results for the year ended 31 March 2017 are set out in  the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and discussed  further in the Financial Review.