 Which is why our  ventilation system at The Zig Zag Building  supplies air as fresh as you’d find at the coast. 3 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report This year brought political, social and  economic uncertainty. And in retail, there remained  continued demand from dynamic brands  for new and repurposed space in the   best locations. Our year 4 Landsec Annual Report 2017 We also saw the continuation of  four long-term trends – each driven  by expectation, each creating  opportunities for us: Smart office occupiers expect   their work environment to deliver  business benefits. People expect more from their shopping  experience. Blend of experience It’s vital our team has the right  blend of experience, skills and  knowledge – including at the top. This year, Nicholas Cadbury joined  the Board, further enhancing our  financial and consumer expertise. Community impact We’ve launched the UK’s first  scaffolding academy inside a  prison, helping offenders at   HMP Brixton get the skills and  experience they need to find  employment outside – reducing   the risk of re-offending. Jobs change lives At our Lewisham shopping   centre we’re supporting an  innovative approach to work  experience, helping young people  gain skills, develop self-discipline  and find jobs. Insights drive  relationships By working to understand the  business, we’ve helped TripAdvisor  grow. Pedestrianisation,  public art and striking architecture complete the  transformation of this area between Victoria Station  and the Royal Parks. They really draw the crowds,  with over 27,700 students at our  event this year at St David’s. Today, our portfolio is valued  at £14.4bn and we’ve reduced debt   to £3.3bn. And at the  same time, we have increased revenue  profit by 52%. The asset was fully let within a year  of completion. Validated carbon targets We are the first property company  in the world to have its science- based emissions target formally  approved – clear evidence we’re  serious about sustainability and   the environment. In Retail, we’ll continue to enhance   our destination assets and strengthen   our portfolio. Because –  ultimately – Everything is experience. Chief  Executive’s  statement Robert Noel  Chief Executive 16 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Landsec is in a great position. Our Combined  Portfolio is valued at £14.4bn and, with adjusted  net debt broadly unchanged over the year  at £3.3bn, our loan-to-value is 22.2%. The Brexit  vote brought that inflexion point forward. Overall, the UK economy continued to perform  well during the year. In the retail market, the effect of the  referendum was less clear-cut although, faced  with pressure on disposable income, shoppers  have started to show more caution. Although  the business community remains in uncharted  territory, that doesn’t mean we should wait  for change to happen to us. We’re taking  this time to prepare the business for the  opportunities and challenges we see ahead. Robert Noel reports