 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 16 The diversification of our veterinary  business has continued with the  acquisitions of Eye Vet Referrals and Dick   White Referrals, bringing the number of  specialist referral centres in the Group   to four. He has a wealth of experience in the   retail sector having previously held senior  finance positions at Tesco plc. As a consequence  of Mike’s appointment, Mark Adams,   who had been an excellent Interim   Chief Financial Officer, left the Group in  November 2016. Sally Hopson, who was CEO of our  Services Division, will exclusively drive   the development of our Vet Group. And  among our veterinary professionals   we have launched apprenticeships   for veterinary nurses, with the first   cohort beginning their training at   Dick White Referrals. Accordingly, we remain confident in the  outlook for the Group. Tony DeNunzio Non-Executive Chairman  25 May 2017 “ As part of developing a Clinical  Governance Framework for our  first opinion practices, it was  important to me that I spend time  in our practices and referral  centres, getting to know clinicians  in all parts of the business. Tessa Green, in her role as Chairman of  the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)  and Pets Before Profit Committees, has  focused on furthering her knowledge of  operations that have significance for the  Group’s ethical, social and environmental  impacts. The veterinary market grew at a CAGR of  5.6% over this same period, which is being  driven by the widening availability of more  complex procedures and diagnostics,  supported by increasing numbers of pet  owners with insurance. Overall  we have grown our share of the important  strategic categories including Advanced  Nutrition, accessories and veterinary. Value includes price, but also  innovation, service and advice. The strong  sales of dog accessories this year are  continuing proof that our range innovation  drives a positive customer response. And to improve further on our service to  customers, we are refocusing our Steps  training programme to ensure more  colleagues can develop their expertise  at a faster rate in more specialist areas. We also understand there is a need to  provide better pricing to customers. We therefore initiated pricing changes in  the fourth quarter with the Switch & Save  campaign, which highlights the value in  our private label foods, Wainwright’s and  AVA. Initial results from the campaign have  been encouraging and since its launch  in January 2017 we have seen an average  50% uplift in the volume of products that  have seen a price change. In the current financial year  we have launched price reductions across  a number of everyday pet essentials and  are also starting to reposition prices in  branded foods.