 Dear Shareholder  I am sorry to report on a mixed trading year albeit mitigated by a record order book as  we move into the new financial year FY2018. Acknowledging the demanding trading  period I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Executive Directors and all the  team, on your behalf, for their contribution in a very challenging market and their  tireless devotion in ensuring the long-term security of both Hayward Tyler and Peter  Brotherhood. Results Overview  The results for the year reflect a steady performance from the Hayward Tyler and Peter  Brotherhood businesses at the gross contribution level but a lack of revenue particularly in the  first half of FY2017 ultimately meant that we only achieved breakeven at the trading 1  EBITDA  level for the full year, which generated a reported loss for the year of £3.9 million (FY2016:  profit of £2.4 million). The major  focus for HTG looking forward continues to be the development of the order pipeline and  order book to create a significantly higher revenue business. Further details of the trading performance are set out in the Chief Executive’s Business  Review and the Financial Review. Dividend  Given the announced proposed acquisition of the Company by Avingtrans plc we do not  intend to recommend the payment of a final dividend for FY2017. We understand that  Avingtrans plc has a progressive dividend policy. Hayward Tyler Group PLC  Financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2017       17    Corporate Governance  Please refer to the section on Corporate Governance. Risk Management  Please refer to the section on Principal Risks and Uncertainties for details of how we manage  risk. Outlook  The expansion of the Group through the acquisition of Peter Brotherhood together with the  continued focus on developing our Hayward Tyler business, by expanding our production  capabilities and investing in research and development, means that the Group remains well  placed to achieve the Board’s growth ambitions provided it has the right capital structure in  place. This external driven growth is dependent inter alia on positive market conditions which we  anticipate will improve during the current year. Priorities for FY2018   Secure a suitable funding structure to support the long-term future of the Group to  take advantage of the opportunities for both Peter Brotherhood and Hayward Tyler;   Drive further growth in order intake reflecting the improving market conditions and  the Group’s competitiveness;   Cut the Group’s cost base to support a more flexible and profitable business; and   Continue to deliver the operational improvements supported by the increased order  book. However, the loss in the first half combined with the order intake not  happening quick enough to be fully reflected in second half revenue and profit meant