 02 Strategic Report The world is changing faster   than at any time Convenience, speed and flexibility are key   in today’s retail environment. Our supermarkets offer customers a comprehensive mix of food,  general merchandise and clothing. Customers now have access to Argos products, market- leading Argos digital channels and delivery systems. Our values make us different and underpin everything we do, from  sourcing with integrity to helping our customers lead healthier  lives and providing a great place to work. Power of the Sainsbury’s Group  We are one of the largest retailers of quality food, general merchandise,  clothing and financial services in the UK and we believe people  trust the Sainsbury’s brand. Customers can shop with us whenever  and wherever they want and we have a logistics network that gives  us market-leading product availability in-store and online. A great place to work Sourcing with integrity Respect for our environment Living healthier lives Making a positive difference  to our community Our values key Our business model is designed to create  value for our shareholders, customers and  colleagues, both now and in the future. Supply chain Our business is built on excellent, often long-standing relationships with our  suppliers. The investment we make in our farmer  and grower Development Groups, R&D programme and Apprenticeship Scheme  supports the British agricultural sector and encourages young talent into British  farming. Argos’s unique  Hub and Spoke logistics network enables us to fulfil Fast Track same day deliveries  – to a customer’s home or to a store for collection. In fact, almost 20 per cent of Sainsbury’s Group sales now  originate online. 08 Strategic Report Food is at the heart of our business. With the acquisition of Home Retail  Group plc, owner of Argos (including Argos  Financial Services) 10 Strategic Report This has been a pivotal year for Sainsbury’s. Underlying profit before tax for the Group  is £581 million, down one per cent, and Group  sales are £29,112 million, up 12.7 per cent on  last year. We are on track to  achieve our current cost saving target of £500  million by 2017/18 and we have