 4 Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Group at a Glance Overview The Group operates across the breadth   of the waste management value chain,  including the collection, treatment, processing  and disposal of waste and recyclable  materials, as well as the production and  sale of energy derived from waste and  the sale of recovered commodities such   as paper, glass, metals and plastic. The Energy division is a significant provider  of renewable energy with 91.2MW of  installed energy generation capacity. The RR&T division focuses on the treatment,  recycling and disposal of waste. It provides   a number of treatment services for those  materials that can be recovered, and landfill  disposal for those that are not suitable for  recycling or energy recovery. Municipal Resource Recovery &  Treatment (RR&T) Energy Key facts Soil Treatment and Composting (STC)  12 operational facilities which treat materials  that would otherwise have to be sent to  landfill. Materials handled include acids,  alkalis, light bulbs, aerosols and various other  hazardous materials. Landfill Disposal  Biffa operates 1 1 landfill sites across the UK,  primarily accepting waste that cannot be  recycled or used for energy recovery. Waste  is safely buried in facilities operated to the  highest environmental standards. 8 Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chairman’s Letter Dear Shareholder It is a pleasure to introduce Biffa’s first annual  report, following the Group’s return to the  public markets in October 2016. This was  achieved in uncertain IPO market conditions  in the aftermath of the widely unexpected  Brexit result. The confidence shown in Biffa  by existing and new shareholders alike was  therefore hugely gratifying. The Group Executive Team, ably led by CEO  Ian Wakelin, have transformed the Group’s on pages 10 to 1 1 of this report covers the  business performance across the Group in  some detail, and also our strategic priorities. The Group’s financial reporting for the   past year is made more complex by the  refinancing and exceptional costs associated  with the IPO. These and certain other items  resulted in the