 We are proud of our ability to deliver  them and we understand the value, both financial and  social, that can be generated from them. We realise gains and drive value as we unlock the  potential of land and assets. Placing people at the heart of everything we do, we are  committed to delivering profitable projects that create a legacy  and deliver socio-economic change for the communities in  which we work (see pages 48 to 54). Our   business is focused on mixed-use regeneration  projects where we can apply our expertise and  deliver superior returns. We are completely  redesigning the space to create a modern, fit-for- purpose fire station and training yard within a wider  mixed-use regeneration project, delivering a new  landmark for London. Type Public Private Partnership Development partners London Fire  and Emergency  Planning Authority Location Lambeth, London Architect Pilbrow & Partners £400m GDV 2.5acres Size of development Read more in our portfolio review p.22-39 U and I Group PLC  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 AN ICONIC REGENERATION 8 Albert Embankment will house a permanent  London Fire Brigade museum alongside the  operating station. Our achievements were  recently recognised with a ‘Placemaking  Award’ at the Property Week Awards. Southwark  is a great example of what we are doing  across our portfolio, and we look forward to  working with U+I at sites across the capital  to meet London’s needs whilst generating  revenues to reinvest in the transport network. It’s  what differentiates us from our competition. We strengthened this team with the appointment of  Mark Richardson as Head of Delivery and Brenda  Bates as Head of Communications and Business  Services during the year. Read more in our sustainability section on p.48-54 U and I Group PLC  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 U and I Group PLC  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 DON’T JUST TAKE   OUR WORD FOR IT “WE HAVE WORKED CLOSELY WITH U+I WHO HASN’T BEEN   AFRAID TO CHALLENGE OUR THINKING AND BRING NEW IDEAS   TO THE TABLE. Chairman’s letter A SUSTAINABLE  AND SUCCESSFUL  BUSINESS Peter Williams photographed at U+I’s offices in Victoria, London 4 U and I Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017   This is my first statement as Chairman of U+I and I am  pleased to report another solid set of annual results. At U+I, however, we are optimistic about the future and  our ability to proactively drive value and generate strong  cash flows as evidenced by the Board declaring a third  consecutive supplemental dividend in addition to our  ordinary dividend. It stands out within the property sector both  in what it does and the way it does it. It delivers tangible socio- economic benefits