 •  Easter, which marks the start of the wedding season, falls 3 weeks later in 2017, temporarily delaying  some hire order collections and therefore revenues by three weeks. This clearly impacts LFL revenues and means that  during the early part of the Hire season we are holding a materially smaller value of deposits on a ‘cash  taken’ basis. We continue to grow our presence on the high street and online. • Like-for-like (including VAT) represents ﬁnancial information for e-commerce and stores open during both the current and prior ﬁnancial periods and  compares 52 weeks against 52 weeks, except for stores reﬁtted in the period, where the period closed for reﬁt is excluded from both the current and  prior ﬁnancial periods. Like-for-like Hire and Tailor Me sales are calculated on cash receipts in the period, before adjustment for the movement in the  level of deposits held. ** EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and exceptional items. Proﬁt before taxation  was up 20.3% to £7.1m, compared with £5.9m in the previous year. The retail environment became one of the most highly competitive we have seen for some considerable  time, with heavy and intense discounting. We remained focused on our multi-branded and segmented  pricing architecture and traded our way through what was an unforgiving market, which saw a number of  new branded entrants to the Menswear market and the exit or reduction in market share for a couple of  long established brands, reinforcing the need for us to keep close to consumer trends and to modernise  our offer accordingly. The core Moss Bros master brand is now well established and we saw reasonable growth in each of our  supporting sub-brands of Moss London, Moss 1851, and Moss Esq, with Moss London expanding our reach  to a younger customer, capitalising on the growing trend of occasions like School Proms. We opened a further 7 stores in Westﬁeld Stratford City, the Merry Hill shopping centre, Worcester, Belfast,  Harrogate, Newbury and on Teesside. We have also recruited a new Buying Director,  Nick Reed, who joins us from Charles Tyrwhitt, the multi-channel Menswear retailer, which he joined in  2000. The team continues to apply strong cash and working capital controls and the business continues to  be debt free, with a healthy cash balance, supporting the Board’s progressive dividend and investment  policies. * 4 I MOSS BROS GROUP PLC shop on-line at www.mossbros.co.uk CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT CONTINUED The Board is proposing the payment of a ﬁnal dividend of 3.98 pence per share to be paid on 23 June 2017  to all shareholders on the register on 2 June 2017 (ex dividend date 1 June 2017). It is our  intention to continue this progressive dividend policy balanced against the wider investment needs of the  business. We expect the trading environment for the business in 2017 to remain challenging. I would like where practicable, to the provision