 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report A strong platform   for the future The announcement of a soft drinks  sugar tax in the Chancellor’s budget   in March 2016, and the devaluation of  sterling following the UK’s referendum  vote to leave the European Union in  June, added additional external  headwinds in a soft drinks market  already impacted by price deﬂation. Despite these macro external inﬂuences,  the business has retained a clear focus   on the execution of its strategy and in  particular on internal improvement actions. Financially, the business has delivered  another solid performance with proﬁt  before tax and exceptional items* of  £42.4m, an increase of 2.7% on the prior  year (£41.3m), and exits the year with   a strong balance sheet. We maintained our market share across  the period and continued to invest in our  brands, with the key brands, IRN-BRU  and Rubicon, delivering good growth. Chairman’s Introduction *  Items marked with an asterisk are non-GAAP measures. Deﬁnitions and relevant  reconciliations are provided in the Glossary on pages 130 to 132. sugars per 100ml by the autumn of 2017  is an extremely positive demonstration  of how the business is responding with  both pace and commitment. Our key partnerships with Rockstar and  Dr Pepper Snapple Group continued to  progress, complementing our own  portfolio both in the UK and increasingly  on an international basis, where we have  delivered further growth, extending our  international footprint and our franchise  territory agreements. Our drive for improvement across   the business has not abated. In addition, we have successfully  completed a Company-wide business  reorganisation that has both enhanced  our organisational capability and  reduced our overhead base. We exit the year with a strong balance  sheet, and are well placed to exploit growth  opportunities as and when they arise. The ﬁnal dividend is payable  on 9 June 2017 to shareholders on the  Register of Members at the close of  business on 12 May 2017. This programme is anticipated to  commence in the spring of 2017 and  complete within 24 months. The AGM in  May 2017 will be requested to approve  the renewal of the authority granted in  June 2016 for the Board to repurchase   up to 10% of the Company’s own shares. We do not believe that the repurchase  programme will have any material impact  on our ability to secure acquisition  opportunities should these be identiﬁed. People The continued success of the business is  testament to the commitment and skills  of the whole team and I would like to  take this opportunity to extend a thank  you to each and every team member for  their eŽorts across this year of change  and reorganisation. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Accounts Strategic Report Corporate Governance The Board continues to operate  eŽectively, with a complementary mix of  skills and experience providing solid and  eŽective governance controls. We will  continue to review how to enhance both  the governance model and the advisory  aspect of the Board. Prospects The business has achieved a great deal  in the past year, building a strong  platform for the future while sustaining  current ﬁnancial performance. practical, fun and proﬁtable way.  08 A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chief Executive’s Review We have delivered signiﬁcant business  improvement across our brands, assets,  infrastructure, organisation and our  teams, to support the successful  long-term development of the Company. The unexpected and unwelcome  announcement of a new punitive tax  regime associated with the manufacture  of soft drinks with added sugar had the  potential to be a major business  distraction. However, I am pleased to  report that we have continued to place  consumers at the heart of our business,  not regulators, and have responded  positively to changing consumer tastes  and preferences across our portfolio.  We will of course continue to work with  the various government bodies involved  in the new regime to ensure that this  new regulatory environment is deployed  appropriately and with as much  common sense as possible. In this reporting period:  – We maintained overall market share  in UK soft drinks with total Group  revenue of £257.1m, an underlying*  increase of 1.5% on the previous year.  – Proﬁt before tax increased 4.4% on  the prior year to £43.1m.  – Statutory proﬁt before tax and  exceptional items* increased 2.7%   on the prior year to £42.4m.  – Operating margin before exceptional  items* improved 50bps to 16.8%  following our continued tight   cost control.  – Our deﬁned beneﬁt pension scheme  was closed to future accrual further  reducing our corporate risk proﬁle.  – Beneﬁts from our Fit for the Future  enabling programme began to ﬁlter  through as planned, including  signiﬁcantly better customer service,  tighter inventory management and  the implementation of a Company- wide reorganisation.  – Strong cash ﬂow resulted in a net  cash position of £9.7m. Soft drinks market performance The UK soft drinks market has 