 2 complementary  businesses Core Revenue +19% 1 year Revenue up by 26% 2014 2015 2016 2017 £35m £11m £16m £28m 3 www.praxisifm.com Annual Report for the year ended 30 April 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT The Group continues to develop its three operating divisions on its multi-jurisdictional platform. The Group sees considerable  opportunities to expand delivery of its core offerings through a combination of organic growth and strategic acquisition. The recent listing on The International Stock Exchange (“TISE”) represents a considerable step forward for the Group. Culture The Group has taken a commercial and enterprising  approach to its development and it is extremely mindful of  the importance of compliance and regulation. Effective risk  management and regulatory compliance are essential in  today’s climate as regulatory and reporting regimes across  the world continue to develop. The Board sees significant opportunity for the Group to take  advantage of the operational platform it has created over  the last three years since the merger of Praxis and IFM whilst  maintaining a considered and risk conscious approach to  growth. With a highly qualified and professional staff base, the Board  considers that the Group is well placed for a business climate  of increasing regulation, transparency and enhanced  reporting requirements. Strategy The Group continues to develop its professional approach to  existing business, risk management, client take-on, business  development and acquisitions. The senior management team has a pragmatic and  considered evaluation method for acquisitions that  continues to deliver significant stakeholder value. The Board  plays an active role in the process and is of the opinion that  the direction being taken continues to be effective. The Group is majority owned by management. This ensures  alignment of interest with external shareholders. The Board  actively seeks to widen share ownership amongst employees  through share option and buy-as-you-earn schemes. Governance The Board considers effective governance to be at the heart  of good business management and has performed a full  review of the governance regime and mechanisms within  the Group. The mechanisms and approach taken comply with the  Finance Sector Code of Corporate Governance issued by  the Guernsey Financial Service Commission and have been  developed with UK Corporate Governance Code in mind. Board Composition The Board is made up of two non executive directors and  the Chief Executive Officer. During this period of significant  growth the Group needs to remain flexible whilst ensuring  effective governance and considered decision making. Board members have been carefully selected for their  experience in similar environments to that in which the  Group currently operates and to assist with delivery of the  Group’s growth strategy. Annual Report for the year ended 30 April 2017 www.praxisifm.com 4 CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT The results set out within this report show continued growth of the business during the