 STRATEGIC REPORT  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT  I am delighted to report that Wizz Air’s 2017 financial year saw the Company achieve another year of market  leading growth while continuing to deliver one of the highest profit margins of all European airlines. The Company generated an underlying net  profit of €225.3 million, an increase of 0.6 per cent. year-on-year, which translates to an underlying net profit  margin of 14.3 per cent., a performance which few airlines in Europe can match. We believe that our unique position in Central and Eastern Europe,  ultra-low-cost base, diversified point-to-point network and ability to adjust capacity quickly altogether place  Wizz Air in an enviable position to meet industry challenges and continue to deliver significant growth and  create long-term value for our Shareholders. Wizz Air’s business achieved a number of key milestones during the 2017 financial year, including:   continuing to grow and diversify our network by opening four new bases and announcing two future base  openings, including our first in the United Kingdom, and launching 113 new routes. Wizz Air now offers  more than 500 routes from 28 bases, connecting 141 destinations across 42 countries;   the delivery of a further twelve brand new A321ceo aircraft, increasing our fleet of Airbus A320-family  aircraft to 79 and the average seat count per aircraft to 190 at the end of the financial year; and   driving load factors higher with an impressive 1.9 percentage point increase year-on-year to 90.1 per cent. Customers  I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our customers for their continued support. Enhancing the service we deliver to our customers is a constant focus for us. Now more than ever before, it’s faster and simpler to book the lowest fare flights with Wizz Air. Employees  Our team of over 3,000 aviation professionals delivered a superior service to the 23.8 million customers who  flew with us over the last twelve months. I want to thank them once again for all their hard work –  without them we would not have achieved our success to date nor will we realise the growth which we are  targeting in the future. During the year, we welcomed Ms Wioletta Rosołowska to the Board as a  Non-Executive Director. I know that the Board is looking forward to working with the Company’s senior  management team and all colleagues in what will be another year of exciting growth. Looking ahead   As the 2018 financial year begins we remain very optimistic for the coming twelve months. William A. Franke  Chairman  24 May 2017      Wizz Air Holdings Plc Annual report and accounts 2017 10  STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW  Financial performance  The 2017 financial year delivered profitable growth, with passenger numbers increasing by 18.9 per cent. The resilience of our ultra-low cost business model, which we are convinced is