 Company Information 61 WHY INVEST IN BUSHVELD   MINERALS LIMITED? • Low-cost and scalable vanadium  production platform with  significant cash-generating  capacity, positioned for growth. • Early production targeting potential high-grade  zones of the Namibian Uis deposit, with future  expansion plans. Securing an IPP licence for thermal coal power  generation and completing a bankable feasibility  study in partnership with Sinohydro, our strategic  partner for development of the power plant,   and supporting transmission infrastructure   in Madagascar. 04 Bushveld Minerals Annual Report 2017 Business Review TRANSFORMING  OUR BUSINESS Chairman’s Report I am delighted to present the Annual Financial  Statements of Bushveld Minerals for the year ended  28 February 2017 . Though commodity markets have  markedly recovered since the lows of 2015/16,  capital markets remain challenging particularly for  junior miners for whom access to capital continues  to be largely constrained. We articulated a commodity-focused platform  strategy in 2014 based on which we would develop  each of the Company’s three platforms, comprising  Bushveld Vanadium, Greenhills Resources and  Lemur Resources, with a view to building each on   a path to independent existence with dedicated  resources. Each of the three platforms has made  strides in realising its objectives. not have been completed at a better time, with  vanadium prices on a solid upward trajectory. In  addition, the management team has worked on  every one of the primary vanadium-processing  plants in South Africa. This intellectual capital will be important as we look  to grow the combined Bushveld vanadium platform  from its current 3.5% market share of the global  vanadium supply to a share projected at more than  10% in the next three to five years. The UK  Brexit vote, US elections and elections in France  where there was much at stake in terms of the  future direction of these important economies, all  The transaction could not have been