 Active at every  stage of the commodity  supply chain, we are  uniquely diversified by  geography, product and  activity, maximising the  value we create for our  business and its diverse  stakeholders 1  Revenue by geographic destination is based on the  country of incorporation of the sales counterparty. However, this may not necessarily be the country  of the counterparty’s ultimate parent and/or final  destination of the product, see note 2 of the   financial statements. 2 Non-current assets are non-current assets excluding  other investments, advances and loans and deferred  tax assets. 02 Glencore Annual Report 2017 4 5 7 What makes us different? • Concerns of  tightening financial conditions in  China during the second quarter  proved to be short-lived, with  commodities rallying once again  through the second half of the year. This provides  an additional dimension of future  demand growth for a number of our  key commodities. Going forward, those commodities  where primary market balances are  in deficit or trending towards deficit,  such as zinc, copper, nickel and  thermal coal should see positive   price divergence versus potentially  oversupplied markets. Our balance sheet is robust,   and our investment case is   increasingly compelling. Financial performance was strong  in 2017, with Adjusted EBITDA of  $14.8 billion, up 44% and net income  attributable to equity holders  increasing to $5.8 billion, from  $1.4 billion in 2016, reflecting healthy  commodity prices and the continued  robust earnings contribution from   our highly cash generative Marketing  and Industrial businesses. Metals & Minerals and Energy  Products both delivered strong  contributions while Agricultural  Products posted a resilient  performance when compared to  many peers. 04 Chief Executive Officer’s review 04 Glencore Annual Report 2017 Looking ahead, while we maintain  our long-term Marketing Adjusted  EBIT guidance range of $2.2 to  $3.2 billion, a continuation of recent  healthy marketing conditions would  suggest a