 24 BREEDON GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2017  WWW.BREEDONGROUP.COM Nearly £150m capital expenditure in  the business over the last  seven years Over £525m investment in earnings- enhancing acquisitions  since 2010 Underlying EBIT margin 12.3% Maximising the return from every  tonne of those reserves is one of the  keys to our success and in 2017 we  invested a further £46 million in our  quarries, cement plant and downstream  operations. Once again, organic  growth was balanced with selected  bolt-on purchases. We invested around  £10 million in acquisitions during 2017,  which extended our market reach and  added further to our reserves and  resources. I am pleased to say that the  number of serious injuries declined last  year, as our new Safety Commitments  became firmly embedded in the business  and colleagues took greater care of  themselves and each other. Following the departure of Tim Hall  from the Group in September, we  were recently joined by Mike Pearce as  Chief Executive of Breedon Southern. THE BOARD We are today announcing Simon Vivian’s  retirement from the Board and he will be  stepping down with immediate effect. He retires  with our thanks for the significant  contribution he made to the Group’s early  development and we wish him well in all  his future endeavours. LOOKING AHEAD Our business is in great shape and we  are well positioned to benefit from the  medium-term growth in residential and  infrastructure development, to which the  majority of our material is supplied. As I have said in the past, our dividend  policy remains constantly under review. I would like to thank everyone in  Breedon, together with all our contract  hauliers and the many companies who  do business with us, for their continued  enthusiastic support for the Group. We look to 2018 and beyond with  confidence and optimism. We delivered healthy growth in volumes  of aggregates and ready-mixed concrete,  with asphalt volumes broadly maintained,  against the background of more difficult  markets, exacerbated by some major  project delays and challenging weather  towards the end of the year. Group revenues rose by 43 per cent to  £652.4 million, generating underlying  EBIT of £80.4 million and an underlying  EBIT margin of 12.3 per cent. We remain  committed to achieving a medium-term  underlying EBIT margin target of 15 per  cent by 2020. The businesses are  each reviewed by their respective leaders  on pages 29 to 37 . THE MARKET Construction output continued to grow  in 2017, rising by three per cent despite  a softening of the market during the  second and third quarters. A REVIEW OF 2017 – GROUP CHIEF  EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT We are confident that we can continue to  deliver organic growth, complemented