 6 / Petrofac Annual report and accounts 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Separately, at the Annual General Meeting  in May 2018, we will be delighted to  recommend to shareholders the appointment  of David Davies as a Non-executive Director. With good performance  on capital management and net debt   falling to US$612 million, we demonstrated  our strong financial discipline and our  determination to reduce capital intensity. We are  therefore proposing a final dividend of  25.30 pence per share. We will continue to be competitive and  maintain our bidding discipline. One of our intentions for 2017 had been   to review the way in which the Petrofac  values are understood and applied across  the Group. Of course, the market environment  remained competitive with clear evidence  of overcapacity. It was a particularly busy year for the Board,  and I want to thank all Directors for their  individual contributions and determination   to see the Group through this challenging  period, whilst ensuring Petrofac continues   to deliver for its stakeholders. The Board aims to have first-hand  knowledge of the business, and our visit   to Aberdeen in October reminded us of   the pricing pressures we face whilst  demonstrating the level of professional  commitment across the Group. Succession planning will remain a top  priority. His wide international  experience and understanding of growing  multi-national businesses, the global  landscape, well-established governance  and regulatory knowledge, provides an  important level of continuity. As a result of  René’s change in role, Matthias Bichsel will  assume the role of Senior Independent  Director in May 2018. In particular, I would like to  pay tribute to our Group Chief Executive  Ayman Asfari and the wider leadership  team. Meanwhile,  Arabian Oil and Gas Magazine ranked us   as one of the top two contractors. By 2040, for example, oil  production from the OPEC members  located in the Middle East is forecast to   rise by more than 6 million barrels per day  (up from 30.4 million barrels per day in 2015   to 36.5 million barrels per day in 2040)  2 . We also see a strong trend for investment   in the downstream market in the MENA  region, as resource holders look to  industrialise their economies, create  employment, and secure more of the   value chain. In 2017 , global upstream capital spending  is estimated to have grown by around 9% 3 ,  further modest growth is forecast for 2018,  and we expect a return to more significant  increases over the medium to longer term. Petrofac is well positioned in some of the   most resilient sectors of the market 10 / Petrofac Annual report and accounts 2017 GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW Delivering organic growth We progressed organic