 The most directly comparable   measure under U.S. GAAP is Total revenues (FY 2017: $15,161m). Non GAAP EBITDA margin calculated  using Non GAAP EBITDA as a percentage of Non GAAP Total revenues. 10  This is a Non GAAP financial measure. The most directly comparable measure  under U.S. GAAP is Net cash provided by operating activities   (FY 2017: $4,257m). A company  that had commercial operating units in 22  countries in 2013 is now in more than 60  countries. We had a global manufacturing portfolio  that required careful pruning and  disciplined, efficient management. The accomplishments — focused squarely  on delivering benefits to patients in need  and the communities in which we live —  came during a year of substantial external  regulatory and macroeconomic challenge. The hemophilia market landscape shifted,  and continues to change rapidly. And the pharmaceutical industry must still  manage societal challenges in funding,  pricing, and identifying ways to support  future innovation. Additional details on the divisions can  be found on page 12. But it was also a  year in which they all showed their grit,  resolve, and unwavering dedication to the  patients we serve. We would also like to thank  our CEO, Dr. Flemming Ornskov, who has  led the Shire team through this integration  with great skill and has kept everyone  focused on the goal of building a more  resilient Shire for the long-term. 4 Shire Annual Report 2017 Thank you also to former Shire CFO Jeff  Poulton who left the Company at the end  of 2017. The contributions of Bill, Anne,  Dominic, and Jeff cannot be overstated. In closing, I am proud of the contributions  of our 6 Shire Annual Report 2017 symptoms of dry eye disease (DED),  reached more than one million prescriptions  written since launch in late 2016. To accelerate this goal,  we have appointed a new Head of  Research and Development and Chief  Scientific Officer, Andreas Busch, PhD, an  accomplished scientist with an extensive  background and