 1 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS HIGHLIGHTS 2017 Acquisition of CyberGhost,  a leading SaaS cybersecurity  provider Significant growth in  paying users Substantial progress made  in transitioning the business  towards a pure SaaS model $8.3m Adjusted EBITDA $66.4m Revenue $69.5m Cash balance  and no debt $7 .6m Adjusted cash flow   from operations 92% Conversion of  adjusted EBITDA 2 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT DON ELGIE NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 2017 has been a pivotal year for  our business in which we fully  aligned our operations to focus  on cybersecurity software. Introduction 2017 has been a pivotal year for  our business in which we fully  aligned our operations to focus  on cybersecurity software. Since October 2016, the  Company has focused on both  acquiring and developing  cybersecurity software solutions for  consumers, whilst utilising its  proprietary digital distribution  technology to grow its user base  across the Company’s product suite. The Company’s management has  deployed Kape’s in-depth expertise  and technological capabilities within  its digital marketing platform to  support and grow our expanded  customer base and promote our own  products and services. This market  leading digital pedigree has enabled  the Group to accelerate the Company’s  successful transformation during 2017. With CyberGhost now  fully integrated into the Group, I am  pleased to report it has performed  ahead of management’s expectations  both on a revenue and profit level. Board appointments  In February 2017, the Company  appointed Moran Laufer, Chief  Financial Officer of Kape, to the Board  of the Company. Moran has been a key  member of the Company’s  management, supporting its recent  acquisitions as well as being part of  the finance team since 2012,  successfully supporting the Group’s  admission to AIM in 2014. Looking forward Kape’s management has been  successful in demonstrating its ability  to both drive organic growth initiatives  alongside maximising the benefits  from strategic acquisitions. The Board remains confident in  delivering year-on-year growth in 2018. Don Elgie Non-Executive Chairman 12 March 2018 887,000 paying customers 82% growth in premium subscriptions 4 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS CHIEF EXECUTIVE   OFFICER’S REVIEW IDO ERLICHMAN CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Over the past 12 months we have  delivered on our growth strategy. We are therefore delighted to have  delivered such a strong underlying  EBITDA performance, up 172%, excluding  the Web Apps and License segment,  further demonstrating the excellent  performance of our business model. In addition,  we started to utilise the growth in our  product offering and user base and