 50 Advisors IN THIS YEAR’S REPORT Please visit our website for more information:  www.chariotoilandgas.com WHO WE ARE We are an independent AIM-listed Atlantic margins  oil and gas exploration company. Read more  page 06 STRATEGIC REPORT 02 At a Glance 04 Why Invest? A culture built on accountability,    engagement and a focus on risk     management 2. Internal Chariot estimate of Gross Mean Prospective Resource. Long-term Value Discovery Shareholder Value Monetisation Access De-risk Drill STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 07 Chariot Oil & Gas Limited | Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chariot remains on track  in its goal of drilling three  high impact wells of  transformational potential in  the near term, with the drilling  of the Rabat Deep 1 well by  the Rabat Deep partnership  complete and preparations  underway for the drilling  of Prospect S in Q4 of this  year and, depending on the  outcome and partnering, a  further well, either in Namibia  or Morocco in H1 2019. The current market for partnering   is tougher, but this is balanced by a reduction   in oil services costs, meaning that Chariot can  look to retain a greater equity in its assets at   the point of drilling, especially in light of the  recent fundraise. Chariot is now fully funded to operate the drilling  of Prospect S in Namibia where partnering  programmes and preparations are underway  to deliver this high impact well in Q4 2018, with  optionality to add another two prospects to the  exploration programme, depending on well  results and partnering progress. It is an exciting year ahead but, as always, the  Company will continue to apply risk reduction  strategies throughout the portfolio due to the  high risk – high reward nature of its exploration  programme, as well as the unpredictability of  the financial and resource markets. It  penetrated a thick top seal and encountered  tight, fractured carbonates in the primary target  and consequently was plugged and abandoned  with the data collected used to calibrate existing  data sets to understand the implications on the  prospectivity of the surrounding area. This year the team  completed its analysis of the 3D seismic data  it acquired in 2016 across its Namibian and  Brazilian licences, integrating five new prospects  (S, T, U, V and W), ranging from 283 – 459mmbbls  in gross mean prospective resources, into the  drilling inventory from the former, and a large  four way dip-closed structure in the latter, on  which an independent audit of prospective  resources has been completed, and a dataroom  is currently open. “Having captured the bottom  of the seismic market with  extensive 3D surveys in  Namibia and Brazil in 2016,  the team continued its  rigorous tendering processes  in 2017 to acquire and  process a further 1,027km 2   of 3D and 2,254km of 2D  seismic in its operated  Moroccan acreage. It is owing to the continued  focus on capital discipline, technical expertise  and the de-risking strategy that we have been  able to initiate this drilling campaign at no cost  to the Company and we will continue to seek a  partnership balance in which the technical risk  is measured against the cost and its associated  prize, to maximise the retention of licence equity  and achieve drilling at the optimum point of the  oil services cost cycle. Interest income of US$0.2 million for the year  ended 31 December 2017 is significantly lower  than the prior year as the vast majority of the  Group’s cash is now held at lower interest rates  in US Dollars, as compared with the significant  Brazilian Real cash balance held throughout  2016 earning a higher interest rate   (31 December 2016: US$1.2 million). Mohammedia and Kenitra (75% Chariot  (Operator), 25% ONHYM (carried interest) In line with its new venture strategy, Chariot  used its depth of understanding of the regional  geology and associated hydrocarbon play  potential to expand its portfolio in Morocco,  securing first the Mohammedia permit in June  2016 and then, in early 2017, the Kenitra permit. A partnering process on these licences  has been initiated with a dataroom now open. Chariot has   a zero tolerance policy towards bribery. Y ear Appointed  2008 Sector Experience Petra Diamonds Pella Resources Experience  He has worked in the sector for over 25 years and has been influential in the founding,  financing and growth of a number of companies, including Petra Diamonds. The main purpose of the Remuneration Committee is to: • make recommendations to the Board on an overall remuneration policy for Executive Directors and other senior executives in order to retain, attract   and motivate high quality executives capable of achieving the Group’s objectives; and • demonstrate to shareholders that the remuneration of the Executive Directors of the Group is set by a committee whose members have no personal  interest in the outcome of their decision and who will have due regard to the interests of the shareholders. Further details of the LTIP scheme can be found in note 20. Directors The Directors of the Company during the year were: George Canjar (Non-Executive Chairman)  Larry Bottomley (Chief Executive Officer) Adonis Pouroulis (Non-Executive Director) Robert Sinclair (Non-Executive Director)  Details of Directors’ interests in shares, share options, LTIPs and RSUs are disclosed in the Directors’ Remuneration Report. The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the  Group and to enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with The Companies (Guernsey) Law 2008.