  15,583 00 04 AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20-F 2002 www.astrazeneca.com Chairman’ s Statement Chairman’ s Statement The AstraZeneca Board sets the Company’s strategy and policies and monitors progress towards meeting our various objectives. 2002 was a busy year involving strategic reviews of  markets, development and key technologies as well as the full range of corporate governance matters including a review of the functioning of the Board itself. AstraZeneca has always taken corporate governance very seriously and this positions us well in today’ s demanding environment. The new US Sarbanes-Oxley legislation and other similar initiatives are requiring changes to corporate governance processes in a number of areas, which will further reinforce good practice. During the year , we made good progress in further developing our overall corporate responsibility (CR) programme. This included publication and wide communication of our CR Policy and Management Standards. The demand for modern medicines continues to grow, driven by demographic changes, expanded geographic markets and new technologies. T o some extent, these positive drivers are being offset by pressure on prices, escalating R&D and marketing costs, increased regulatory demands and uncertain financial markets. This continuous process of increasing productivity will safeguard a competitive position in coming years. 2002 has also been a year of increased investments in certain developing countries. A stronger market position in these fast- growing countries will support AstraZeneca’s long term growth ambition. Finally , and most importantly , the Company has maintained a high innovation rate with a resulting strong product portfolio on the market today and  in the pipeline. Sales  increased 9% and earnings per share before exceptional items increased 7%. The ordinary dividend to shareholders recommended by the Board was maintained in dollar terms,  with a second interim dividend of $0.47 (28.5 pence, SEK 3.99) per Ordinary Share  to be paid in April 2003 bringing the total dividend for the year to $0.70 (43.2 pence, SEK 6.20). The share re-purchase programme continues in 2003. More details about our CR policies, commitment and performance are available in the separate 2002 Corporate