 Chairman’s message BT Group plc Annual Report and Form 20-F 2005 3 Earnings per share in the 2005 ﬁnancial year, before goodwill amortisation and exceptional items, grew by 7% to 18.1 pence. While continuing to invest for the future, we generated free cash ﬂow of £2.3 billion, up 10%. We continue with our progressive dividend policy. The dividend for the 2006 ﬁnancial year will be at least 60% of underlying earnings: subject to the group’s overall ﬁnancial position, we expect our pay out ratio to rise to around two-thirds of underlying earnings by the 2008 ﬁnancial year. We continued with our share buy back programme in the 2005 ﬁnancial year. This is being funded from cash generated over and above that required for servicing our debt. Business progress In support of our strategy for transformation and growth, your Board gave backing during the year for a targeted series of acquisitions that will help to build our capabilities as one of the world’s foremost global networked IT services companies. In addition, passing the ﬁve million mark for broadband connections in the UK in early April was a key moment in the history of your company. Regulation BT welcomed the Strategic Review of Telecommunications by Ofcom. We look forward to the published outcome. Our position remains that a strategic and ﬂexible regulatory regime, together with rapid deregulation wherever possible, is vital to meeting customers’ developing needs and creating the conditions in which we, and others, can continue to invest with conﬁdence. I would like to welcome Hanif Lalani as our new Group Finance Director. Ian Livingston, who had occupied the ﬁnance role with distinction for three years, was appointed Chief Executive BT Retail with effect from February 2005. Wider responsibilities It is increasingly important that companies such as BT continue to be good corporate citizens, living up to our responsibilities to the communities in which we operate and to the environment. We made a donation of £500,000 to the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) and we provided a live call centre for the unprecedented number of calls coming into the DEC. Outlook The process of transformation on which your company embarked in 2001 is accelerating. We are well set for further success in the years ahead. I’d like to thank shareholders for the loyalty they’ve shown. Sir Christopher Bland Chairman 18 May 2005 Today, BT is a very different company from the one that I joined three years ago. That, after all, is what being a service company means. Chief Executive’s statement 4BTGroup plc Annual Report and Form 20-F 2005 In 2005, convergence is at the heart of BT’s strategy. For our business customers this means productivity improvements; for consumers it’s about new, easier to use services. This means that we have to ﬁnd ways of helping them communicate, wherever they are, using whatever device they choose, at the right price. The BT brand is now a powerful presence in the global networked IT services market. Our ICT (information and communications technology) revenues were £3 billion in the year and the major contracts we’ve won indicate the conﬁdence that our customers are prepared to put in us. We hit our ﬁve million broadband lines target a year early. Having