 Financial highlights Financial highlights Group turnover † by Region Operating profit before impairments † by Region Group turnover † Up 9.8% Operating profit before impairments † Up 1 5.4% Cash spend on acquisitions in 2005 £342.9m Dividend per share ‡ Up10.2% Earnings per share – basic Up 47 .8% 2005 has been my first year as Chairman of Hanson PLC, having been appointed to the role in April 2005. I am pleased to be able to report that during 2005 the group once again achieved excellent progress against its primary objective, which is to create sustainable, long-term value for our shareholders. We have grown the group turnover, earnings and margins of our existing businesses in 2005 and have added further value through a number of significant acquisitions. We have increased our dividend and share buyback programme. Both at a strategic and at an operational level, Hanson believes  it is meeting these challenges. Returns to shareholders The Board recommends a final  dividend of 1 4.1 5p (1 2.80p) per share. The “Investor information” section of this report provides payment details. During the year ended December 31 , 2005, we bought back 8,335,000 shares (6,350,000 shares) for £46.7m (£26. 1m), equivalent to 1.1% (0.9%) of outstanding shares. On your behalf, I thank Chris for his tremendous contribution, initially as an Executive Director of Hanson and then as Chairman. We are also grateful for the contributions over many years of Simon Keswick  and Kenneth Baker as Non-executive Directors, who also stepped down following the AGM. We remain fully compliant with section 404 of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act ahead of the requirement for foreign  US registrants. This underlines our commitment to strong financial control and discipline. I am happy to report that for the fifth consecutive year we saw an overall improvement in our safety statistics. We promote a culture of continuous improvement in our safety awareness across all of our operations, with the Board monitoring formally the group’s safety performance on a quarterly basis. The information obtained from these quarterly reports and from presentations to the Board is used to identify where particular attention should be focused and to assess the effectiveness of  our approach. Environmental issues are also  reported quarterly to the Board. Hanson people The Hanson team of highly motivated people is one of Hanson’s greatest assets. We are dedicated to delivering increased value to all our constituents (including shareholders, customers, suppliers, fellow employees and the communities in which we operate). I believe we have the assets and the people to realise our objective and create sustainable value for all our stakeholders. Chairman’s statement Chairman’s statement 2 Our customers Throughout 2005 as previously, a key aim has been, and will continue to be to make Hanson a truly customer focused company. We believe we should treat our customers in the same way we would expect to be treated ourselves – with courtesy and respect. 2005 performance summary I am very pleased with the performance we have delivered in 2005. Chief Executive’s overview Chief executive’s overview 3 “In 2005, we have achieved double digit earnings growth, completed  a significant number of valuable acquisitions and increased our returns to shareholders. ” Alan Murray  Chief Executive, Hanson PLC †