 1 HAMMERSON.COM OUR BUSINESS AT A GLANCE 57 places where   more happens We are an owner, manager and developer of retail destinations  in Europe. Our portfolio includes investments in prime shopping  centres in the UK and France, convenient retail parks in the UK   and premium outlets across Europe.  21 shopping centres 21 retail parks 15 premium outlets 2.2 million m I am delighted that  the focus on our  strategic priorities  continues to deliver  positive results for  our stakeholders.” NAV per share was up 11% principally due to a total  property return of 12.4%, significantly beating IPD . Birmingham offers an increasingly  wealthy catchment and improving public infrastructure  investment. As well as  owning prime real estate, driving rental growth requires  a thorough and hands-on approach to asset  management. This is where we are differentiated by our  embedded Product Experience Framework, which is  designed to deliver a consistently great experience for  shoppers and retailers across our portfolio. Our  investments in Value Retail and VIA Outlets materially  boosted our portfolio returns in 2015. The  next 18 months will also see us make advancements on  our major London development schemes including  moving towards starting on-site at Brent Cross and  Croydon. 11 16.6 17.7 19.1 20.4 22.3 ‘12 ‘13 ‘14 ‘15 Chart 1 Dividend per share (pence) 7.7% CAGR STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION 9 HAMMERSON.COM STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION 9 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW In conversation with David Atkins, Chief Executive +140k downloads More happened for retailers WHAT ARE THE CURRENT TRENDS FOR  RETAILERS TAKING MORE SPACE? With the growth in  multichannel retailing, tenants are looking to position a  greater share of their stores in the best locations. In  France, our focus on reinvigorating the portfolio is  delivering results. WHAT ELSE ARE YOU DOING TO SUPPORT  RETAILERS IN YOUR CENTRES? We have  launched click & collect in four of our centres with  strong results. It gives us greater insight into consumer  shopping habits which we can then analyse and share  with our retail tenants to improve the customer offer. To date, the app has achieved over 140,000 downloads. During the  year we welcomed premium British fashion brand All  Saints to Les Terrasses du Port in Marseille,  representing the brand’s debut in a French shopping  centre; and, leveraging our reputation for retail  excellence in France, we secured leases with Sandro and  Séraphine at Victoria Quarter, representing firsts for  both aspirational French boutiques in Leeds. This was  nearly double the market level of 2.3%. We are now  introducing facilities and services to our retail parks  which are similar to those found at shopping centres  including customer service suites, free wi-fi, mobile  phone charging points and Amazon lockers to leverage  the growing demand for click & collect. Our retail venues also give shoppers a vibrant array of  entertainment. The Disco Bull Head, a sound and music  installation, at Bullring (which you can see on the front  cover of our report) was designed by leading artist Josh  Harker and was seen by nearly two million visitors. We recognise that while these events are stimulating for  our shoppers, we also need to ensure a comfortable and  safe environment in which to spend time. We were awarded an SKA Gold sustainability rating at Kings Place. As a FTSE 100 employer, we take seriously our  responsibility to train and nurture the talents of those  embarking on a career in the property industry. Since  the launch of our UK Graduate Programme in 2011,   I am pleased to report that three graduates have  successfully completed the two year programme and  gained RICS accreditation, becoming permanent  employees within our business. CAN YOU OUTLINE THE PROGRESS YOU  HAVE MADE EMBEDDING YOUR VALUES? Encouragingly, these initiatives are translating into  positive action at a resourcing level, with half of all new  employees recruited during the year being female, and  In conversation with David Atkins, Chief Executive Hammerson office, Kings Place Further details of Our People are available  on pages 49 - 52 + 12 12 HAMMERSON PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2015 CREATIVE CAREERS AT BULLRING We are increasingly aware of the importance of digital and creative  development skills for the employment market. These initiatives continue to demonstrate our  commitment to sustainable development and our  leadership of the wider sector. The commitment, which seeks to drive a coordinated  approach to the delivery of nearly zero energy   buildings for new build by 2020, has already attracted   a number of leading European signatories from   across the built environment. During the year, our investment in extensions,  developments and refurbishments generated over   4,500 construction jobs alone. INTRODUCTION Our strategy focuses on high-quality property in prime  locations across selected European retail markets. We aim to be among the  leaders in each of our market sub-sectors so as to  capitalise on the favourable market trends and exercise  scale efficiencies. ECONOMIC BACKGROUND  Macroeconomic conditions drive consumer confidence  and spending, which translates into retailers’ appetite  for expansion and ability to finance new space. UK GDP growth of 2.4% for 2015 was ahead of the  Eurozone (1.5%) (Source: OECD). Household consumer