 From helping our customers survive,  toenabling them to thrive. The year ended with  new emerging challenges resulting from geopolitical  risk, and with rising inflation increasing pressure on  consumer incomes and affecting the construction  industry, but we remain very well placed. best-in-class portfolio of major  planned investment of c. 1.5bn  price adjustments. We are  over the next five years expected  2. T his indicates the  We also capitalised on strong  seeing the results of this work,  to deliver a return of c. 350m.  Gross Asset Value  investment demand for office  with 29m of lettings signed or of U+I Group PLC  2 at 31 March 2021,  assets, with 0.4bn of disposals at We acquired U+I for 269m ,  in solicitors hands, on average 2%  as opposed to the  an average yield of 4.1%. This was providing access to five mixed-use  ahead of ERV. buildings in ways that will enhance  challenges. over the past year have refreshed  our sustainability framework. review, speaking to over 230    every Landsec colleague setting  stakeholders including employees,  reducing the embodied carbon  an individual objective in support  customers and partners, to  related to our developments. understand the environmental,  Live well social and governance (ESG) issues    linking our energy and carbon  we should be addressing and We will enable people to live well by  targets to a proportion of our  influencing. Subsequently, a team creating job opportunities in our  remuneration. 06 Chief Executives  statement Growth  in action Strong operational and financial  performance. We have a sustainable  space; and upside from our profitable or attainable competitive advantage in  development activity and strategic each of our three areas of focus which will  investment decisions. Our focus is to deliver on the opportunities  At the same time, we have made strong we have created. Including development,  live and spend their leisure time blur. Over the next 12 months, we expect  the importance of a sense of place. Construction  are actively exploring new opportunities. We sold  were the first commercial real estate  capability and experience from a range of  Harbour Exchange during the period and  business in the world to set a science-based  global retailers to complement our existing  exchanged contracts shortly after the  carbon reduction target in 2016. rent signed during the year or currently in  The pandemic accelerated the pre-existing  With potential capex of c. 1.5bn, this could  solicitors hands is on average 2% above  trend of retail sales moving online, which  see mixed-use grow to 20-25% of our  ERV. our performance over the past year has  This