 309 Company financial statements Edward Braham 318 Supplementary information Chair Stay up-to-date with  330337 more information at:  Other information mandg.com 331 Shareholder information 332 Glossary 337 Contact us A guide to using this report Navigation buttons: For optimal experience, it is   Return to contents recommended that this document    is viewed in Adobe Acrobat Reader. Page back Interactive functionality may not  work when viewed in a web browser   Page forward or other PDF readers. Dynamic link button:  Return to previous page   Read more   Search  Pages XX-XX Strategic Report Governance Financial information Other information Introduction Building on our strengths Its an exciting time to  joinM&G. We have great  capabilities and all the  foundations in place for long- term, sustainable growth. ii Total capital generation is the total change in Solvency II surplus  capital before dividends and capital movements. Operating capital  generation is the total capital generation adjusted to exclude tax  0.3bn inflow and market movements relative to those expected under long-term  (2021: 0.6bn inflow) assumptions, and to remove other non-operating items, including  shareholder restructuring and other costs. iv Basis of calculation changed from three month to six month  Key rolling average. vi When reporting totals, market-based emissions are used. Note that  REM  Linked to remuneration measures for Executive Directors the 2021 figure has been restated, see page 76 for details. M&G at a glance A leader in savings and investments We help our clients to save andinvest, through responsible,  long-term investment decisions that benefit wider society Our purpose To help people manage and growtheir  savings and investments, responsibly Find out more about our purpose and  how it informs our strategy on page 10 Our values Care Integrity We act with care treating clients We empower our colleagues to do the rightthing,  and colleagues with the same level ofrespect honouring our commitments to others and  that we would expect forourselves. approach tosustainability  that will accelerate the shift to a more  on page 32 We are growing our expertise in  sustainable economy, and help them to  sustainable investment through  advance their own transition. Although a reduction on the with negative market movements  offers private fixed income, alternatives,  0.8 billion net client inflows reported at of 1.5 billion in the year, more than  real estate and infrastructure equity  30 June 2022, this reflects the elevated offset by positive other movements of  offerings, is a key component of our  economic volatility experienced in the 2.2 billion. thatmanage assets on our behalf, and how investment managers challenge  As a leading savings and investments  investee companies to improve and maintain diversity business, we are focused on the long   To continue to meet our external benchmarks, including the National Equality  term, making responsible decisions  Standard and LGBT Great Equality Index with the aim of protecting and growing  our clients assets, while considering  Find out more on our progress in our D&I strategy on  the interests of all stakeholders. The just transition  We consider the interests of all our stakeholders and ensure our  is