 The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 10 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S STRATEGIC REVIEW CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S STRATEGIC REVIEW CONTINUED WE CAPITALISED ON FAVOURABLE END MARKETS  2022 was a landmark year for Weir. Our safety performance improved with a  record demand for our aftermarket spares and expendables. We  as activity levels in end markets fell. This equates to a total full year dividend of 32.8  JON STANTON TRACK AND DELIVERING FOR ALL STAKEHOLDERS pence per share, which is 33% of adjusted EPS for the period, in line  Chief Executive Officer In 2022 we were successful in managing a complex operating  with our capital allocation policy. We also increased the amount of electricity we source from  afurther leap towards zero harm is possible. renewables to 22% as we installed new solar panel arrays at our sites  Our special culture at Weir continues to be a huge asset and  in Chile, Malaysia and South Africa. This means we have now  inclusion, diversity and equity (ID&E) is a big part of this. Connected programme to digitally enable colleagues across the  Group. We have more to do to meet our ambitions, particularly in We also started work to quantify scope 4, avoided emissions, for key  relation to gender diversity. We did not make the progress wed products in our portfolio. Over time, we anticipate using the outputs  planned this year and will renew action in 2023. through our most recent all-employee survey. In 2022, we committed to more ambitious SBTi- sustainable. emissions, and also the introduction of a scope 3 emissions reduction  target. Our scope 3 emissions include our customers' scope 1&2  emissions, and Weir solutions and technology are playing a key role in  helping our customers reduce their emissions and deliver against their  own carbon reduction targets. 2 Total incident rate is an industry standard indicator that measures lost time and medical treatment injuries per 200,000 hours worked. The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 12 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S STRATEGIC REVIEW CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S STRATEGIC REVIEW CONTINUED CONTINUED accidents happen with the aim that if every colleague has a deeper During the year, we delivered a 3% absolute year-on-year reduction in  our scope 1&2 emissions7, in the context of revenue growth of over  level of behavioural understanding and personal accountability then  20%. mining pit and processing plant by connecting and integrating our Performance Excellence is all about optimising the structure of our  6 Profit figures before adjusting items (note 2 of the Group Financial Statements). We are centering the programme around three key pillars. The first is  OUTLOOK capacity optimisation where there are opportunities to consolidate  We begin 2023 with a record order book and positive conditions in  insome areas to be closer to our customers and better service their  mining markets, where high levels of activity, coupled with miners'  needs. The second pillar will drive lean processes across our  focus on sustainable operations, are driving demand for our AM  manufacturing operations and global value streams, building on our  spares and brownfield OE solutions. Weir production system and culture of continuous improvement. In 2023, we therefore expect to deliver growth in constant currency  Thethird pillar is a functional transformation to adopt a consistent  revenue, profit and operating margin. Currently, many relatively standard non-customer facing  expect free operating cash conversion of between 80% and 90%. and the transition to sustainable mining. We have a clear strategy to  grow ahead of our markets, with specific growth initiatives  It's an exciting programme that will bring many benefits to Weir and  underpinning our ambition to deliver through-cycle mid-to-high single  our customers, unlocking the latent potential within the business. Beyond 2023, Performance  In terms of the financial benefit from Performance Excellence, the  Excellence will support margin expansion above 17% and we expect  programme will deliver 30m of annualised run-rate savings in 2025,  free operating cash conversion to increase to between 90% and  with an expected one-off cost of up to 45m phased across the three  100%. engaged our leaders in this and the broader programme. theearly benefits before the end of the current year. retired as President of Weir Minerals after 43 years service. I am delighted that Andrew Neilson has succeeded Ricardo as  President of Minerals, having previously headed up the ESCO Division  since 2020.