 Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officers  statement 1 Revenue 2022 Core operating profit 2022  Injectables 45% ($1,141m) Injectables 63%   Branded 27% ($691m) Branded 22% Our diversified business   Generics 27% ($672m) Generics 15% model enabled a resilient  Total $2,517m core performance in 2022  as we continued to deliver  1. Before unallocated corporate costs of $84 million  on our purpose. We also saw leveraging our ability to supply our markets to entry products and dosage forms that 42 and 43 of this report. into the CEO role following the departure  a normalisation in demand for anti-infectives, from across our operational base, and are more insulated from pricing pressure. portfolio can adapt to meet changing demand. health within reach, every day, is our reason footing for the future. As Hikma develops and grows, art manufacturing facility in Columbus,  is ongoing and an update will be provided  which drove low double-digit price erosion added in Portugal and New Jersey and our Scope 3 emissions, so that we can begin  we strive to deliver on our vision and purpose Ohio, and we will increasingly leverage its  when an appointment is made. We also construction is underway for new Injectables to make improvements in this important area. I was delighted to welcome three female  recent launches. Non-Executive Directors in 2022, each of  a reduction in revenue of 18% and a decline portfolio. Despite these compounding business in the US and while  to Hikma. Combined with the interim dividend  recent years, we delivered a core operating future as we establish ourselves as a leading  our sites around the world and seeing how  we saw a variation in performance with the of 19 cents per share, this represents a 4% I am confident and very excited about  margin of 15.3%, in line with our guidance, compounder in this market. with core operating profit of $103 million. make good strategic progress in our MENA  embodied in how our people are living our  pressures in Generics partially offset by our financial performance in 2022 lagged our  Looking ahead, we are focused on building Injectables business. In 2022, we signed new  We have a strategy that will drive growth and,  values: innovative, caring and collaborative. On a reported in our return to growth in 2023 supported  an increased share of specialty products. Junshi Biosciences for biosimilar and biologic  bringing access to critical medicines to the  and 7 of this report gives examples of how  basis, Group operating profit declined 52%, by recent launches and good momentum  products. Many of our staff have been with us for  please refer to page 31 of this report. Acting responsibly important growth driver in the years ahead. This is a high-quality and become more specialised. Our people  utilities and employee benefits costs. In the US, we benefitted from recent and I am always amazed by the commitment  Through operating efficiencies, we were our markets with the highest value and  was founded 45 years ago. building trust through quality in everything  launches, including 12 during 2022, as well to getting the job done. able to absorb these increases to a large opportunity for growth. as the contribution from the Custopharm Our culture also results in a quality mindset. In MENA we are investing in local In this industry, failures in quality systems can  and demonstrating the strength and flexible and local manufacturing facilities  For our customers and their patients, we help  our progress. manufacturing for our own products, and put lives at risk. We care greatly about what  resilience of our underlying business. In Europe and ROW, we are on quality at our plants, whether it be through  demand. We work closely with hospitals,  outlined on pages 8 and 9 of this report,  in Germany. generics pharmaceutical company with a  of Teligents Canadian assets. maintained as ready for regulator inspection. chronic disease areas, and continue to value  growing, differentiated product portfolio  We also engage with our communities, a  We also have a global pharmacovigilance  the importance of partnerships, as well as  Our MENA-based Branded business  and a leading position in our key markets. 4 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022 Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC | Annual Report 2022 5 Strategic report 74 Executive Chairmans overview