 3) Like-for-like growth is calculated at constant currency against 2021 results. ( Within these results, the key businesses that are intended to be demerged under Dowlais Group plc (see below for further details), GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy, enter into the Demerger having collectively delivered good performances in the year, with sales up 7% and adjusted operating profit up 24%. 3) Based on adjusted(2) 2022 revenue for continuing businesses. This will offer significant reduction in manufacturing emissions on structural products for the benefit of both GKN Aerospace and its global customer base, with a number of agreements with key customers to introduce additive manufacturing solutions for major engine structures. This makes total bookings approximately £20 billion over the last four years, at a book-to-bill ratio of over 100% each year, confirming that GKN Automotive is both securing future top-line growth and more than keeping pace with the accelerated market conversion to electric vehicles, as a result of its continuous portfolio development, product quality and production capabilities. gknpm.com  Statutory revenue  £1.0bn Adjusted(2) operating profit  £96m  Statutory operating profit  £36m  Operational geographies  2 Melrose Industries PLC Annual Report 2022  Global technology centres  9  Countries – Global production footprint  (1) All growth metrics are collated at a constant currency. ( 480  (40)  The statutory results show a tax credit of £84 million (2021: £180 million) which arises on a statutory loss before tax on continuing operations of £307 million (2021: £660 million), a statutory tax rate of 27% (2021: 27%). A 10 percent strengthening in either the US Dollar or Euro would have the following impact on debt as at 31 December 2022: USD  Commodity cost risk management The cumulative expenditure on commodities is important to the Group and the risk of base commodity costs increasing is mitigated, wherever possible, by passing on the cost increases to customers or by having suitable purchase agreements with suppliers which fix the price over a certain period. Whilst the conflict in Ukraine, increasing tensions between the US and China, and rising inflation, are not isolated as principal risks to the Group as a whole, they present potential risks that the business units continue to monitor and assess closely, particularly in the context of increasing energy and commodity prices, and the cross-border trade and regulatory environments in which the business units operate. The Melrose senior management team, through the Group sustainability function, is responsible for overseeing the aggregation of environmental data by the businesses, and for driving the Group sustainability strategy and climate change risk management processes. Mitigation  Trend commentary  Although the accounting deficit in the year was only slightly higher than the previous year, gross liabilities and assets have each reduced by just over £1 billion, primarily as a result of the increase in interest rates and therefore discount rates. We also recognise that the building of stronger businesses encompasses a wide range of non-financial areas including risk management, ethics and compliance, and sustainability, and we have worked with the businesses to identify material issues and set meaningful ESG targets alongside financial metrics. Further detail on the Group’s compliance policies and framework, and reporting to the Board, can be found on pages 55 to 91 of the Sustainability review. 50  Section 172 statement  51  Continued  The Board cultivates strong relationships with the Company’s key stakeholders so that it is well placed and sufficiently informed to take their considerations into account when making decisions, where appropriate, in order to discharge their duties under section 172 and to pursue the Company’s strategic objectives. For further details, please refer to the Sustainability review on pages 55 to 91. Following on from the sustainability targets and commitments that were set in 2021, the Board took a number of decisions in 2022 to further progress the Group’s sustainability efforts and performance, and to support our businesses in their respective journeys towards Net Zero by 2050. The expansion of this data coverage will not only enable our businesses to understand their full value chain emissions, it will also allow them to focus their efforts on the greatest Greenhouse gas reduction opportunities, and to hold their suppliers to account in respect of their emissions. 5) Where renewable electricity is commercially and reasonably available in the relevant jurisdiction. ( In line with our decentralised structure, we provide our businesses with the investment and resources to ensure that they each develop and execute on their respective sustainability and climate strategies. 41,372  25,481  Overview  50% Low-carbon R&D Achieve 50% of total R&D expenditure on climate-related R&D per year to contribute to the decarbonisation of the sectors in which our businesses operate by 2025, 75% by 2030 and 100% by 2040. The Board receives annual training and quarterly updates on key sustainability and climate-related matters that impact the Group and its businesses, and on the specific measures that need to be b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing implemented to improve our businesses’ performance towards climate-related risks and opportunities. Risk description Under the low-carbon scenario in particular, the Technology risk is expected to increase across the aerospace and automotive industries due to the rising pressure to develop and scale new lower-carbon technologies to drive down emissions (for example, use of hydrogen, zero-carbon aircrafts, increasing penetration of BEVs and PHEVs). Opportunity description Our businesses are well prepared to meet their major customers’ • Modern Slavery Statement • Whistleblowing policy • Anti-slavery and Human Trafficking policy • Human Rights policy • Supply Chain policy  Melrose takes a zero-tolerance approach to any form of modern slavery or human trafficking. We are committed to investing in and working with our businesses to create effective systems and controls to safeguard against any form of modern slavery taking place within them or their respective supply chains. You can read more on our approach and the policies in place to support it in the Sustainability