 our business globally at pace to  International Solutions UK Solutions and Logistics Retail We empower our people to drive change through learning and growth. We achieve this responsibly with minimal impact on the it together. robotics platform as a managed service,  Read more  business, with a strong for retailers around  page 38 (113)m 67m (4)m retail heritage. You can see the spread of these plans below. 2035 and 2040, respectively  Say hello to the  We successfully launched 12 new  worlds lightest,  sites for partners this year 9 CFCs  23  1.6bn  and 3 Zooms (micro fulfilment centres)  and most efficient  sites live, up from  FY 2022 gross liquidity (cash   more than doubling the number of 11 at FY21 and available revolving credit) sites live. We strive for capital  factors that are key to delivering both the  of the Ocado mix, our success is  our Client Partners. Our flagship Ocado reviewed and revised our five year  pandemic only to face a cost of living We have continued to sign new  Solutions product conference Beyond plan under which we expect to  crisis and new day-to-day frictions partners, signing our twelfth retail  2022, which is exclusive to our OSP become cash flow positive within  across our global operations. Diversity, equity and access to products and services people, as he is also our Designated  to other potential OSP partners of  We should not let these important  efficiency. These have been:  28 February 2023 This year has seen a big push issues for the whole Group, which  providing an unrivalled shopper  around the health and wellbeing provides greater oversight of the  experience; enabling best in class  of our employees, and in listening workforce and the culture of the  profitability; reducing capital  to our people we know that care Group. 6 7 secure, scalable and reliable platform. Contents STRATEGIC REPORT OCADO GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT Contents OCADO GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022 INVESTMENT CASE A strong investment 4. Channel shift to online grocery has been We own 50% of Ocado  a trend in most markets for some time. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Building blocks all now in  place for profitable growth  and strong cash flows Despite these headwinds, the  What were the biggest What are you most excited  business posted only a small decline  challenges this year? to enable delivery of key priorities UPH, before reaching mature volumes. The next year will also see delivery of  in the most efficient way possible. This is a truly  optimistic about the path ahead. we are using these resources in  with the pace of delivery? It is an exciting time as we get closer  the most prudent way. how do you reflect on  What has evolved is our hands-on  Delivery is progressing well and  What do you think were  We have made significant  performance and outlook  approach to helping clients to  Im