 2 as a % of total staff Tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent As at March each year 2022 14% 2022 11,659 2021 11% 2021 6,673 2020 10% 2020 10,094 CULTURAL KPIS P28  Auto Trader Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 1 STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS  Auto Trader Connect We launched Auto Trader Connect as part of  our April 2022 pricing event, which has gone  We continue to  well. Throughout the year we have  also strengthened our competitive position. Following Jasvinders  to regulatory approvals. Autoramas appointment, the Board comprises five  online marketplace and fulfilment Independent Non-Executive Directors, three  capabilities will transform Auto Traders Executive Directors and a Non-Executive Chair. existing leasing proposition helping  meet the demands of the growing  number of consumers who might  consider leasing their next new vehicle. has strengthened 64m cross platform visits a month, on average, in 2022 Auto Trader Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 3 CHAIRS STATEMENT National online selling of used cars  represents a very substantial opportunity for  Auto Trader, without any evidence that these  trends in any way threaten our historical core  business of advertising used cars. Most of our technology development  effort, as well as effort more generally  across the business, is devoted to building  out our full range of services for car buyers  and retailers to enable cars marketed on  Auto Trader to also be sold online. Environmental, Social and Governance  Environmental, Social and Governance  (ESG) matters are rightly taking a more  central role in UK corporate governance. Auto Trader takes these matters seriously. I am pleased successive lockdowns, used car prices Prior to 2021 we addressed these topics  though to be able to report that its impact have risen in real terms at rates we have in our full Board meeting, supported  is not obviously reflected in our business never seen before. However, as environmental  financial year. Ireland as a result of increased fuel prices, retailing businesses and those focused  but this cannot be ruled out in future. 6 Auto Trader Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT G OVER NANC E FINANCIAL STATEMENTS We are also continuing to evolve our logistics Our people We expect the price lever to be broadly  marketplace to support an increasing volume Our people have continued to show resilience consistent with last year, and the stock lever  of vehicle moves direct to consumers. Over the and determination through what has been to be flat. The  and professional channel to market for and our wider stakeholders for their continued completion date is not yet known as not all  manufacturers and leasing companies. There is a significant structural Outlook opportunity for a new car leasing marketplace The new financial year has started well. Leasing provides consumers with ARPR growth, underpinned by our product  a cost-effective way to access a new car lever. exceptional performance achieved in 2022.