 118 Notes to the Financial Statements 014 Our Strategy 016 Key Performance Indicators 05. Our vision is to become  of World-famous heritage brands, which we offer via  the elevated, multi-channel platform for our Sports  our fascias, and also wholesale and license to partners  Retail and Premium Lifestyle fascias. Acquiring Boucher Retail Park in  Northern Ireland. As well as the significant  Groups purpose: increase in general running costs, we are fighting  against a fundamentally flawed business rates system  To elevate the lives of the many by giving them access to the  which is yet to be addressed. European  including Covid-19 related lockdowns, mitigated to some  Retail gross margin increased to 42.7% (FY21: 39.0%),  extent by property related impairments of 227.0m.  largely due to continually improving product mix in  Basic EPS for the year increased to 52.9p  the core business. Total 489 486 Adjusted PBT for European Retail improved from a loss of  Opened 51.3m in FY21 to a profit of 88.6m for the period, largely 12 13 due to the strong reopening of stores after lockdown, the Closed (9) (38) comparative period being impacted by lockdowns as a  Acquired - - result of Covid-19, especially in Ireland and significant  Area (sq.ft.) Key new openings included   After the financial period, the largest FLANNELS  Sports Direct stores in Galway, Newbridge and Cork  flagship store to date was opened in Liverpool  Mahon Point Shopping Centre, which are all new  covering seven floors over 120,000 sq ft and  incremental markets. The fair values of the contracts for difference and options  The final payment to be made by the Group to MM  are recognised in Derivative Financial Assets or Liabilities  Prop Consultancy Limited following the application of  on the Group Balance Sheet, with the movement in fair  this discount is 20.9m which was paid in the year (FY21:  value recorded in the Income Statement. We are pleased to report that we have  of early careers talent this year, running an onsite and  maintained a 0% average gender pay gap across the  digital marketing campaign that saw us voted third in  Group for three years in a row, compared to 6.3% in 2017. We  We continue to work vigorously on aligning roles and  also extended our Elevation Programme to our Finance  putting transparent structures in place across all areas  team in FY22, with five new graduates recruited, who  of the business. paradigm of the retail and manufacturing industries. We will establish a process to escalate  risks to senior management, if necessary. The table below shows energy consumption for the UK  and UK offshore areas only: Scope 1 emissions comprise the emissions associated  with the combustion of fuels by the Group, as well as  Year FY22 FY20 additional emissions sources such as transport fuel. contact channels for our customers to provide  F. The need to act fairly as between members of  greater choice. The effects of the pandemic  During the period, the Audit Committee, on behalf of the on economies and society at large were more prominent  Board, has: undertaken a full review of the Group risk than expected and we remain cautious with a number  register and received risk owner presentations, detailed of well publicised macroeconomic headwinds on the  risk reporting and summary update reporting on the horizon in the form of but not limited to cost increases,  Groups principal risks profile, for further discussion supply chain issues and potential squeezes on consumer  and challenge. Risk Trend and  Risk Controls and Mitigations Links To Strategy  We fail to manage and leverage our supplier and brand partner   The Group has a policy of forging close long-term commercial  relationships successfully, to secure the right products for our  relationships, which are underpinned by our commitment to  1 business at the right price and quality, and to meet or exceed  product, elevation and customer excellence. We combine the continued investment in our digital offering, automation and technological change with the  strengthening of our people and in-house capabilities, to deliver on our risk mitigations. 3  A new fearless focus appraisal system has been introduced,  with clear expectations for performance, opportunities for  development and broader succession planning. and Management is satisfied that a three year period is  appropriate to review performance, as it best reflects the   reviewed the Groups hedging strategy. Scenario 2: Our supply chain continues to be affected across  the Group by the impact of Covid-19 and Brexit,  with logistics costs significantly increased for both  ourselves and our suppliers who pass on the increased  costs impacting our margin or there is a significant  impact due to the economic downturn globally due to  customers being more price sensitive. director resignation due to a conflict of interest. We recognise that the  digital capabilities and approach to customer service  most important objective in our approach to stakeholder  management which we are confident will yield improved  engagement is to balance stakeholder views against  results for FY23. The Group has  re-drafted and published numerous policies including  Community  our Whistleblowing and Anti-Bribery & Corruption  Details of our engagement with the community can be  policies to strengthen our current internal controls. 71 FRASERS GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2022 THE BOARD David Daly Michael Murray Non-Executive Chair of the Board, Chair of the Chief Executive Officer Nomination Committee Michael Murray is Chief Executive of Frasers Group; he  Appointed: 2 October 2017 will accelerate the Groups strategy to achieve its vision:  to serve our customers with the Worlds best sports, premium  Committees: Nomination and Remuneration  and luxury brands. for ease of 