 Tate & Lyle PLC Annual Report 2022 14 OUR BUSINESS TODAY CHIEF  EXECUTIVES REVIEW This transaction represents an ambitious  HIGHLIGHTS Unlocking our growth  and bold step forward for Tate & Lyle. May2022 (together called Primient), to KPS Capital  Partners, LP (KPS). For the purposes of my review,  Two standalone companies totalling 100 million during the year in  as I talk to our results, where applicable,  Creating value for all our stakeholders areas such asenergy, labour, consumables  Iwill refer tothem as Tate & Lyle and  wasat the heart of our decision to separate and transport. In total, we have  their own and determine their own futures. chains, evolving Covid-19 restrictions, delivered US$158 million of productivity  rapidly increasing cost inflation and, benefits over the last four years. We also saw good revenue Growth in Food & Beverage Solutions  Clear communication with all stakeholders growth and we were able to price through wasdriven by the delivery of our strategic  has been a core part of the project the increase in input costs during our growth framework (see page 26 for  fromthe start and we are very grateful 2022calendar year contract renewals. In constant currency,  in the faster-growing markets of Asia, the  project to execute. beverages, bakery, and soups, sauces  our goal of separating the businesses  anddressings, and two or three regional  successfully, on schedule, while continuing By contrast, Primient saw a reduction  categories where we have local expertise,  to do their day jobs. fermentation, bio-industrial applications and  sustainable packaging. Solutions products made in Primients facilities. In technical terms, on  renewable sources. After one-off  food and beverage solutions business, which means  transaction and separation costs, as well as estimated  wecan: tax liabilities associated with the Transaction, net   Benefit from growing global consumer demand for proceeds were approximately 0.9 billion, subject to  healthier food and drink, a trend accelerated by the customary post-completion adjustments. global pandemic  Accelerate growth through a step-up in R&D  investment and innovation  Support and strengthen our customer relationships  We are now two stronger  by increasing our focus on developing solutions businesses, pursuing new and  The Transaction substantially reduces our exposure  tocommodities markets and bulk ingredients in  exciting growth opportunities  NorthAmerica, strengthens our balance sheet, and  allows us to focus our investments on delivering  in our respective markets. Tate & Lyle PLC Annual Report 2022  18 OUR BUSINESS TODAY CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED leading product portfolio and technical  Thiscategory focus, combined with our Combatting climate change expertise, allows us to provide customers  expertise in sweetening, mouthfeel and Covid-19 has, if anything, put the climate  with bespoke solutions. This makes our  category and consumer insights. In Asia, years, we have implemented a major  the Middle East, Africa and Latin America, capital investment programme totalling  At the start of the year, to support our  revenue grew by 25% with good progress more than US$150 million to significantly  solutions offering, we launched the  across our focus categories as customers reduce GHG emissions in our plants and  Stabiliser University, an online modular  continued to demand solutions that reduce increase operational efficiency. fructo-oligosaccharides (FOS) and  we delivered on our  galacto-oligosaccharides (GOS),  INCREASINGLY AMBITIOUS WITH OUR PURPOSE strengthens our position as a leading  commitment to  Ive always believed that purpose and  global player in the fast-growing global  performance go hand in hand, and thats  dietary fibres market, as well as adding  eliminate coal from  certainly been true of Tate & Lyle this year. acres of sustainable corn, equivalent to all  innovation. Our deep understanding of how  local communities. year has made us even more determined heard and valued. Carbon net zero by 2050 our colleagues health and wellbeing. Our Employee  In December 2021,  advances in technology, changes in policy Assistance Programme is also working  and many other factors will evolve as we well, and its been really encouraging to  we launched a set of  move towards 2050, but what wont change see all the virtual local events like coffee  targets for equity,  is our determination to deliver on our mornings and our global choir and it  commitment. We transformation, and I know I speak for the  pricing through of higher input costs. MEETING THE WORLDS CHALLENGES WITH  more effectively with each other; and to  Jim Stutelberg, President, Primary  OPTIMISM balance our working and our personal  Products stepped down from the Executive  The world is an increasingly challenging  lives. that weve made Tate & Lyle a stronger  2022. with a continued focus on productivity and inour history.