 14 THE UNITE GROUP PLC|Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW EARNINGS AHEAD OF  PRE-PANDEMIC LEVELS Supported by our best-in-class operating  platform, people and portfolio  Despite the challenging economic environment,  the business remains well-positioned thanks  to increasing student numbers and growing  demand for high-quality, purpose-built student  accommodation across our markets. This reflects an increase in occupancy to 99%  IFRS net assets per share 945p 880p and rental growth of 3.5% for the 2022/23 academic year  Loan to value 31% 29% (2020/21: 94% and 2.3%, respectively). We have  calculations and reconciliations. A reconciliation of profit before tax to EPRA  earnings and adjusted earnings is set out in note 7 of the financial statements. to leave the market in response to rising costs and increasing  regulation. The combination of  their proposition to prospective students. We are also  Value-for-money seeing increased pressure on staffing costs for our frontline  We recognise the cost-of-living pressures faced by students  teams, driven by competition for staff in similar service  and parents and are confident that our fixed price, all- sectors, as well as our commitment to being a Real Living  inclusive offer will continue to provide value-for-money  Wage employer. Given increases in energy prices, we estimate that students  Despite these cost increases, we have delivered an  living in HMO will pay over 900 per year for their utilities,  improvement in our EBIT margin to 67.9% in 2022 (2021:  Wi-Fi and contents insurance. The financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Contents Generation - Section Contents Generation Page Contents Generation Sub Page 16 THE UNITE GROUP PLC|Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW continued HOME FOR SUCCESS OUR STRATEGIC  OBJECTIVES DELIVERING FOR ATTRACTIVE RETURNS A RESPONSIBLE AND  OUR CUSTOMERS FOR SHAREHOLDERS RESILIENT BUSINESS AND UNIVERSITIES We continue to evolve the customer offer in our properties  Strategic overview to better appeal to the different customer segments who  Our best-in-class operating platform provides us with strong  live with us. The Group also  by an average of more than 50 points. compared to the same stage in the prior year. We are also reviewing future development  opportunities. For developments completing in 2022, 78%  strength of demand from students and universities, we  were let under nomination agreements for an average of nine  expect to commit to further developments during 2023. years with the University of Bristol and Kings College London. Here, Karan explains some of  the focus areas for the year. Last year this included two new properties  customers during the cost-of-living crisis? We offer a simple, fixed rent that  includes utilities, Wi-Fi, maintenance, security, and insurance, so  Sustainability sits at the heart of all developments to ensure  students have certainty on cost. feel happy, secure, and able to be at their best. Our students  A: Yes, and this is a top priority for us. Customer data shows that social connections matter greatly, so  Q: So, what investments have been made  alongside a Higher Education partner we are also trialling how we  in supporting students wellbeing? Right now, we know that financial wellness is top of mind for  We have a dedicated fire safety team of four people with  students. Q: Do you see student expectations evolving? This is driven  markets and partnerships with universities. The pilot offers the  care leavers and estranged students while at university. The property is set to  during the Foundations 10-year history. Application of these standards is in  the appeal of our high-quality portfolio and fixed-price,  its early days and the OfS will initially work with providers  all-inclusive offer, which provides students with significant  to understand the context for any underperformance. We  savings and certainty on their bills. We now expect to deliver  are confident that our strategic alignment to high- and mid- rental growth of 67% for the 2023/24 academic year, enabling  ranked universities positions us to successfully navigate any  us to offset cost pressures and improve our EBIT margin to  risks from restrictions on low-value courses. to fund new growth, while ensuring we maintain a robust  and resilient balance sheet. Here, Helene shares more about Unites ambition to  deliver a Home for Success for our employees. They have sponsored a more  new financial support providers. We have bolstered our diverse talent pipelines through  tiered approach by salary with 95% of our employees receiving  sponsorship of National Student Pride and programmes such as  5% or more, and our lowest earners being awarded 10%,  #10000BlackInterns, a charitable organisation which provides  reaffirming our long-standing commitment to being a Real  internships to students from Black heritage backgrounds both  LivingWage employer. we have on our stakeholders and wider communities.