 Read more about Dechra at a  343 2,036 Glance on pages 08 and 09 * For the year ended 30 June 1998. vision for Dechras future started to materialise. We were  Since 2000, the Company has grown predominantly operating services through National Veterinary  Services (NVS), a veterinary distribution business; at the time  strongly through a combination of  our strategy was not as clearly defined and was broad in its  innovation, organic growth and  objectives. In the placing prospectus for the IPO, one strand  acquisition. a b c  Portfolio Focus Strategic Growth Driver:  Geographical Expansion  Acquisition Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 June 2022 www.dechra.com 04 03 05 2003 2008 Acquisition Strategy Acquisition of VetXX Although we had made acquisitions prior to 2003, they were At this point in our development we had successfully  of diagnostic laboratories, which complemented the Services registered products across Europe but needed a platform to  segment of our business. This provided excellent experience in the sell them ourselves. It provided a platform into 14 European  US market. companies within the EU, giving up a lot of margin. We therefore  Strategic Growth Driver: started to research target acquisitions that would provide us with  reach into Europe. Although this was our first new market, geographical    expansion really took a greater priority with the formation of  our International team in 2016. 2012 We added the fourth pillar to our strategy, Portfolio  Focus, which is about maximising the return from our key  Acquisition of Eurovet products in all the major markets. Our four pillar strategy  Although prior to 2012 we had acquired Dermapet, Gentrix  has served us well as we accelerated our acquisition   and HY-50 , the acquisition of Eurovet was the first deal  activity, which included Putney, Genera, Apex, Brovel,  that could be classed as truly transformational. with the majority of profits now being derived from the  pharmaceutical business. Ian Page the Group and provided better management information. ESG is integrated  Introduction into the way we work and our people remain highly engaged, motivated  I am pleased to report that the Group has delivered strong growth  and dedicated in achieving our strategic goals. At the end of the year, we launched  from various products we acquired in the year, the majority of which  Zenalpha in the USA, a new novel canine sedative, approved by the  were launched in the second half, and one month of additional Osurnia  FDA, which contributed revenue of $1.3 million. the addition of the Piedmont projects (outlined later in this report), our  Med-Pharmex, with sales of $43.0 million and adjusted EBITDA of  pipeline is stronger than ever and positioned to deliver material products  $15.3 million, is an established platform business located in Pomona,  to support future growth. They currently have one product registered and  Cefabam 1000mg, 250mg and 50mg tablets for