 Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions Women in our workforce Profit after tax attributable to owners of Rio Tinto Underlying EBITDA2 30.3Mt (equity CO2e) (2021: 31.0Mt) 22.9% (2021: 21.6%) $12.4bn (net earnings) (2021: $21.1bn) $26.3bn (2021: $37.7bn) Independent cultural heritage audits completed1 Total dividend per share 37 (2021: 20) 492 cents (2021: 1,040 cents)  For more information about sustainability, see page 46. For more information about our financial review, see page 26. Our purpose Finding better waysTM to provide the materials the world needs For 150 years, we have been looking for new and better ways of doing things. Our portfolio includes iron ore, copper, aluminium, lithium  and other materials needed for people, communities and nations to grow and prosper, and for the  world to cut carbon emissions to net zero. Today, our business relies on technology such as automation and  artificial intelligence to help us run safer, more efficient operations and leave a lighter footprint. 2 Operations and projects Iron Ore Aluminium Copper Minerals Operations Projects 1. Includes our mines and production facilities, main exploration activities and countries where we have a significant presence through  activities including research and development, commercial, sales, and corporate functions. This map does not include our offices, processing and shipping facilities, or research and development centres. Operations and  projects are indicated according to their product group. For example, Simandou is an iron ore project but is reported under Copper. The Iron Ore Company of Canada is an iron ore operation but is reported under Minerals due to the management structure. Thedots on the map are indicative and in some locations we have more assets than visually represented due to the size of the map. Many of our products are essential for the energy transition: we expect this new source of demand,  We have been mining for 150 years, and we continue to build on a history and knowledge that span combined with traditional sources, to drive significant volume growth in our products over the  generations and continents. growing with supply security top of mind. We looked beyond Spains borders for growth  We introduced new processing facilities and  opportunities, setting up a series of joint ventures  techniques that transformed the operation,  to explore and develop mines, starting in 1929  and by the turn of the century, we were  with the great copper belt of what is now known  producing 10% of the worlds copper. We became the first major miner to cease coal production. In 2022,  renewable power through a vast network  we acquired full ownership of Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd, increasing our  of hydropower facilities in Canada, a  direct ownership in Oyu Tolgoi to66%. 8 Annual Report 2022 | riotinto.com Strategic report The early evidence of  Chief Executives Q&A progress against each of the  four objectives is heartening,  not just in terms of our 2022  performance, but also in giving  us confidence that we have a  truly exciting improvement  journey in the years to come. When people