 3 Ireland All figures on this page relate to the year ended 31 January 2023. Over the last year  our overall size and scale while keeping, through our local teams, we made good progress in a number of important areas. for senior teams, the creation of new development programmes  for store-based colleagues, support for apprenticeship  Last year this strategy delivered above average market  programmes, reducing our carbon emissions, increasing the  performance in all our banners together with solid increases in  number of sustainable products we offer and setting new,  customer satisfaction and colleague engagement. These are the  ambitious targets as part of our net zero commitment. along with other initiatives, such as the opening of our first  Our ESG commitments and progress are discussed in detail  Screwfix store in France last October, gives us great  on pages 23 to 26. confidence in our ability to generate growth in shareholder  value going forward. Good governance is an integral part of the Companys success. much in evidence in his early dealings with both executive and  Board colleagues. performance, particularly given the year on year comparable  and the impact of rapid inflation and rising interest rates on  I would also like to thank all my other colleagues on the Board  consumer confidence towards the end of the year. Overall  for their continued commitment and support of the business. revenues for the Group were down 0.7% (3-year LFL up 15.6%),  We have had challenges to face over the past 12 months and  adjusted pre tax profits at 758 million with statutory pre-tax  the quality of the Board and its collegiate way of working has  profits at 611 million, down 39.3%. right across the business who make Kingfisher what it is. Our purpose is to make better homes accessible for everyone. management an increasing priority for both households and  governments, this is a time when Kingfisher can really step  up and help. see considerable opportunity to increase our presence in  Thanks to their efforts, the business has delivered a year of solid more urban areas. execution and a resilient performance while continuing to make  As a Group, we have been prioritising Responsible Business  strategic progress at pace. Like-for-like sales were 15.6% ahead  47% of Group sales (FY 21/22: 44%). Across all our markets, our sales  During the year, we expanded our range of energy-saving  have remained resilient in both DIY and DIFM/trade channels. the fast-moving world in which we live, we have refreshed our  strategic focus areas to ensure data, trade, culture and agility We see significant potential to grow by building on our different  banner propositions in new and existing markets. Screwfix France  are given increased prominence and focus, and to better align  is well positioned to take a share of the trade professional market  to our investments for growth in multiple areas of the business. You can read more about the refreshed pillars of Powered by in France, which has an estimated total market size of over  29 billion, with up to 25 new stores planned for FY 23/24. This has been driven by improvements to  five years. Leveraging the  of which are performing strongly. and the accelerated expansion of Screwfix. We also took the  penetration to contribute to higher sales and profit growth. Kingfisher 2022/23 Annual Report and Accounts 3 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Chief Executive Officers statement continued We expect many of the supportive industry trends we have seen  To hear more about our results from  emerge in the last few years to endure, as the home continues  Thierry Garnier please use the link  to be a key priority for consumers. How we live and work has  www.kingfisher.com/fullyearvideo fundamentally changed since the pandemic, with working from  home here to stay, while rising energy costs have underscored  the importance of improving the efficiency of our homes. Looking ahead, we are comfortable with current consensus of  sell-side analyst estimates for FY 23/24 adjusted pre-tax profit,  with expectation of more than 500 million free cash flow for  the year. Stores provide support for the significant  In Europe, this market is significant and caters for a variety  proportion of online orders fulfilled through Click & Collect,  of customer needs from maintenance to repair or decoration  in-person returns, and faster home delivery. In addition,  tasks and heavy renovation projects. Larger format home improvement stores and trade  fulfilment options. channels are among the key distribution channels. Further, increased renovation is anticipated  stores grow and expand their home improvement ranges. around net zero; in the UK and France where 60% to 75% of  housing stock is deemed energy inefficient. Alongside the  homes and we have seen new positive longer-term trends for  well-documented increase in DIY during the pandemic, which is  the industry being established. Customers across our markets  increasingly seen as a hobby and an activity that contributes to  are spending more time living and working at home.