 on the Companys page of the Managers website. All costs are therefore charged to the Revenue  where opportunities may exist as the World transitions away from  Account. The Boards policy is to pay the minimum dividend  fossil fuels towards renewable energy and where technology and  required to maintain investment trust status. Retained earnings  software may help to unlock scale constraints for healthcare and  are reinvested in the portfolio. In order to build in headroom for  biotech businesses. We do not expect returns to be linear   further buybacks that may reduce the shares in issue qualifying  volatility is part of long-term investing. The Board remain confident in the investment  permissible. approach and optimistic about the future. At the same time, they wish to back and encourage  London, SW1Y 5ED. Last year, the Board announced and fully  ambition amongst the companies that they own for you. Each year the Managers have material engagements with  offices, limiting attendance to those required for a quorum. well over half the holdings in the portfolio. At present, an industry  We very much hope that this year circumstances will permit us to  is emerging around the narrow measurement of Environmental,  meet the Companys shareholders in person. Nevertheless, given  Social and Governance factors. Whilst we will pay close attention  that Covid-19 remains in circulation and new variants may present  to these and in time will report on metrics we feel are appropriate,  new challenges, the Board encourages all shareholders to  we think that patient engagement with and encouragement of  exercise their votes at the AGM by completing and submitting a  company management teams is the best way to enhance  form of proxy. We would encourage shareholders to monitor the  long-term returns, and much of this cannot be captured  Companys website at monksinvestmenttrust.co.uk where   quantitatively. new Articles of Association are recommended for adoption. Details of the proposed changes are provided in an Appendix to  The Board the Notice of Annual General Meeting. Among them are the  Following the retirement from the Board of James Ferguson and  provisions necessary for the Company to hold hybrid or remote- Edward Harley, the Directors reviewed the skills, experience, and  only general meetings. For avoidance of doubt, the Boards  preference will always be to hold physical general meetings,  Outlook allowing shareholders the opportunity to discuss the business  Shareholders have experienced a sharp share price decline in the  arising with Directors and Managers in person. Managers view, remain strongly placed to grow over the long  term. An important aspect of the approach is for the Managers   KS Sternberg to remain far sighted in their outlook as they seek to identify  Chairman long-term structural change. Long-term holdings mean that company fundamentals are  given time to drive returns. Active Management  We prefer companies that are managed with a long-term   We invest in attractive companies using a bottom-up  mindset, rather than those that prioritise the management   investment process. Macroeconomic forecasts are of relatively  of market expectations. We believe our approach helps us focus on what is important   High active share* provides the potential for adding value. during the inevitable periods of underperformance. We ignore the structure of the index  for example the location   Short-term portfolio results are random. of a companys HQ and therefore its domicile are less relevant  to us than where it generates sales and profits. As longer-term shareholders we are able to have greater  influence on environmental, social and governance matters. Large swathes of the market are unattractive and of no  interest to us. Dedicated Team with Clear Decision-making Process  As index agnostic global investors we can go anywhere and   Senior and experienced team drawing on the full resources   only invest in the best ideas. Portfolio Construction Committed Growth Investors  Investments are held in three broad holding sizes  as set    In the long run, share prices follow fundamentals; growth  out on pages 10 and 11. This allows us to back our judgement in those stocks for which   We aim to produce a portfolio of stocks with above average  we have greater conviction, and to embrace the asymmetry of  growth  this in turn underpins the ability of Monks to add  returns through incubator positions in higher risk/return stocks.