 We operate in 14 dynamic, underpenetrated  markets where strong demand drives our continued  profitable growth. Nigeria  East Africa Niger  Francophone  Pop: 25m Africa Chad Pop: 17m Nigeria Pop: 211m Uganda Pop: 47m An underpenetrated telecoms market, Rwanda Pop: 13m Kenya ayoung population and rising smartphone  Gabon Pop: 55m affordability, along with low data  Pop: 2m Democratic  penetration, give us growth opportunities  Republic of  inboth voice and data. Thedifference between reported and underlying revenue in March 2021 relates to one-time exceptional revenue of $20m relating to a settlement in Niger. people to access telecoms and  banking services. And were helping build a new  financial ecosystem thats full of  opportunity. Our focus on increasing  Airtel Money the number of mobile money  usecases through international  We offer mobile money services,  26.2m including digital wallet payments  partnerships and product innovation  systems, microloans, savings  Airtel Money customers have helped drive the take up of our  and international money  mobile money services, boosting  transfers. There is no difference in March2022 ^ Other revenue includes messaging, value added services, tower sharing and enterprise Airtel Africa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 11 Strategic report Chairs statement The launch of our sustainability strategy  this year is another important step forward  for our business, which has shown once  again that by consistently focusing on  providing essential, inclusive services for  our customers, we transform lives and  communities while delivering sustainable,  profitable growth. services, and they all have powerful underlying macroeconomic and  demographic trends that drive demand which is reflected in this  years further growth in our customer base to 128.4 million, and in our  A consistent strategy that creates value  revenues to $4,714m. We know that meeting that demand goes hand  for all stakeholders in hand with addressing the challenges faced by the millions of people  who still lack access to data services, to effective communications  This year has seen several changes for the Airtel Africa Board. They have all shown themselves  to be valuable additions. Thestrategy  remains unchanged in its fundamentals. Our  United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs). At the same time, we have a longstanding focus on strengthening our  balance sheet. Our leverage (net debt to underlying EBITDA) improved  Going further than ever  to 1.3x (2.0x as of 31 March 2021). to support education Were strengthening the business in other ways, too. I would like to mention two aspects of the  has continued. dedication to supporting education in Africa. committed to launching a sector-leading decarbonisation pathway  In October 2021, the Board approved an upgrade to our progressive  in 2022, ahead of the publication of our first Sustainability Report. and the significant progress made in reducing the leverage ratio. I would like to thank them  in many markets, which we welcome, while maintaining our readiness all for their continuing dedication to transforming lives. We earned the licence to be part  of peoples lives by caring about the things  that they care about, and understanding the  challenges they face. Reported  We succeed by providing affordable, transparent telecoms services  revenue grew by 20.6% to $4,714m. It is to the credit of everyone at  ina sustainable manner, reducing the digital divide and enhancing  Airtel Africa that weve continued to provide essential services in all our  financial inclusion. This would not be possible  This year, we announced a five-year partnership with UNICEF to help  without our stakeholders, including the governments of the countries  accelerate digital learning. We were  to work in partnership on sustainable development. learners in Chad, Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon,  Kenya, Madagascar, Malawi, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, Tanzania,  Ugandaand Zambia. The countries we operate in have some of the highest population growth projections  in the world. governments inthe countries where we operate.