 91 Non-financial reporting directive Integrated report online Please click here to view our integrated  report online https://www.coca-colahellenic. com/en/investor-relations/2022- Front cover: This is a team fromCocaColaHBC  1. Read more on page 48 Coca-Cola HBC Integrated Annual Report 2022 Strategic Corporate Financial Swiss Statutory Supplementary  7 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Chairmans letter LEADERSHIP  FOR LONG- TERM SUCCESS We are proud to continue Dear Stakeholder, 2022 was a challenging year for many businesses,  opening up moments that  and CocaCola HBC was no exception. From the  refresh us all, both now  very early days of the war in Ukraine, wehave  focused on the health and safety of our people. To further refine  the Groups proven capabilities, experience and  wewill be implementing the followup actions inflation and war, is testament to the way that  ourfocus, we as a Board have approved and  best practices will unlock the growth potential of  inthe coming months. Looking ahead sustainability, approving new, long-term targets  CocaCola HBC delivered strong financial  for food waste and biodiversity during the year. Engaging with stakeholders is an indispensable part of how CocaCola HBC does topromote thesuccess of the Company for its shareholders in the long term. oftimes that gives us hope for a brighter future. capabilities, together with the talent and energy astrong balance sheet. Our 24/7 portfolio  have been the right ones, particularly in this  and in 2022 we grew volumes 45%, on an organic  We are proud to have developed one of the  It is our vision to be the leading 24/7 beverage inflationary environment. We are  in2022, benefitting from strong activations that will simplify our business processes, reducing  packagingtype. For details on APMs refer to Alternative Performance  Measures and Definitions and reconciliations of APMs sections. Having a meaningful impact takes  into new 100% recycled PET preforms, enough to  there have been only a handful of our markets  weare proud to report that our people undertook  each one of us, working side-by-side, with a  meet our annual beverage bottling needs in the  where wehaveseen changes in consumer  almost one million hours of learning in 2022. With that, I would like to thank all  other functions. This confidence  my colleagues who continue to create the magic  We issued our first green bond for 500 million in  comes from the winning spirit that I saw across  We remain committed to making tangible  every day that makes me so proud to work for this  September, with proceeds to be allocated to  many of the markets I had the pleasure of visiting  progress towards achieving gender balance at  company and this team. In 2022, women held 39.6% of  opportunities that are opened up daily. We have set clear standards  5 recognised as 88 Report Governance Statements Reporting Information Financial review continued Segment highlights While Sparkling and Energy were the main growth