 It enables us to be at the forefront of the worlds most critical and exciting industries, doing amazing things to help See how  businesses everywhere we're making  the world  become ever better. ever better Its the science behind what we do that drives As proven industry experts, its not just  the customer excellence advantage. The what wedo that makes us unique, its how  intelligence and expertise of our network of we do it. B Bo ook ok on one e B Book ook t tw wo o B Book ook th thr ree ee 2 Intertek Group plc Annual Report & Accounts 2022 Contents Strategic Report Sustainability Report Financial Report making the world ever better by advancing artificial sight Medical device companies face multiple Ensuring the safety of an supported by Intertek our customer will  challenges as they work to get safe and effective innovative visual implant design and test a new unit for use at  products to market. From contamination and The recent Visual Prosthesis initiative we home by trial subjects. stability issues to failure resolution and quality supported in the US is the culmination of decades  control. Our medical device testing experts help of research dedicated to providing artificial sight An engagement of this length and depth is a  resolve these issues through scientific solutions to blind people. wasengaged to carry out the regulatory testing In some cases, we work with clients for many  needed to demonstrate the devices safety, years before final regulatory approval. The prosthesis oursupport, acknowledging that we enabled amazed where  submissions and approvals. biomedical engineering but also for people  Find out more about  regulatory submission, through to production. used in the firstsustainable (bio) jet fuel flights. Across nearly 400 sites worldwide, we  deliver 24/7 independent quantity and quality Ground-breaking sustainable jet fuel Following recent amendments to the ASTM  inspection and laboratory testing services. For more than a decade, we have been helping D-7566 specification for describing aviation  SkyNRG develop a robust Total Quality Assurance turbine fuels and ensuring the quality of  You'll be You'll be  Our expertise in scientific and analytical programme to provide their customers with synthetic blending components, regular flights  amazed where assessment supports the entire supply chain for sustainable jet fuel thats just as reliable and using sustainable jet fuel are now possible. amazed where  biodiesel, ethanol, biomass and other biofuels, safeastraditional petroleum Jet A1 fuel. inspection services insight, innovation and continuous improvement jet fuel. Intertek AgriWorld transport and processing of marine macroalgae. Its delivering  as well asfood and water for human consumption. many marine species as well as absorbing CO support to the environment and protecting  2 andproducing oxygen. and marine macroalgae stranded macroalgae to avoid over-exploitation. amazed where  Its because our clients trust us to ensure quality,  you find Intertek safety and sustainability across their entire There are more than 200 varieties of species  valuechain that, for the third time since 2016, ofmacroalgae in Peru, used for purposes such  Find out more  Intertek Peru has been awarded the Programme asprotein food, and as gelling, thickening and  about our  for Surveillance and Control of Fishing and stabilising compounds for the pharmaceutical,  Agri Services  Aquaculture Activities at National Scope.