 Barclays International: Consumer, Cards 54 The Barclays PLC Strategic Report 2022 was  Analysis of results by business 385 approved by the Board of Directors on 14  and Payments February 2023 and signed on its behalf by the  Non-IFRS performance measures 392 Managing risk 56 Chairman. Our strategic priorities anticipate three major trends: The impact of technology on The role of capital markets as The transition of the global economy  towards low-carbon energy consumer products and services the principal driver of global growth As the impact of technology on consumers The long-term shift to capital markets as the principal source of The transition towards a low-carbon economy is one of the  continues to drive innovation and market funding has continued across both public and private markets, defining challenges in the current and coming decades. We support our clients' financing activity. However, they, operational performance, and demonstrate  disasters, COVID-19 still a great threat in large their Executive Committee colleagues, and the measurable progress to shareholders. First, the very uncertainty that the underlying business strength. As a result of these and  Secondly, we have to improve aspects of the way  2022 was a year of almost other factors, free market capitalism is not just  Barclays operates in order to eliminate the type  Facts and figures under increasing pressure but, rightly, faces a  of error that led to the loss relating to the  unprecedented challenges  more forceful requirement to demonstrate how it  issuance of securities materially in excess of the  can contribute to inclusive, sustainable and global  limits under certain of our US registration  for Barclays and for society  economic growth. 1.0bn a more forceful requirement  Announced buyback of shares  2021: 1.5bn  to demonstrate how  it can contribute to inclusive,  c.13.4p a Total payout per share sustainable and global   2021: 15.0p  economic growth. Strategic Shareholder Climate and Risk Financial Financial Barclays PLC 05 report information sustainability report Governance review review statements Annual Report 2022 Chairmans introduction (continued) As Venkat says in his letter, we therefore go into All this needs to be done affordably and in an both the demand-side and supply-side issues  2023 determined to remain resilient in all orderly fashion and in collaboration and which have led to a decline in equity ownership in  respects, whilst performing at a more alignment with governments' energy strategies. the UK, a reduction in UK listings and IPOs, and a  consistently excellent level. The new measures and obligations in the  ramifications of high inflation, higher interest rates  themes together, Barclays has a big role to play in  Financial Services and Markets Bill helpfully clarify Barclays Bank UK PLC inJune. As I have Chief Executives introduction I write to you at the end of a year which saw many  Our performance unexpected events. We produced an annual  with associated movement in gilt yields and in  income of 25.0bn, PBT of 7.0bn, Return on  Our strong operating performance in 2022 has  sterling, and the first re-alignment of global  Tangible