 Chief Executive Officers  review n what was my 30th year at IHG and  my fifth as CEO I will remember 2022 as  I one of significant achievements delivered  by our extraordinary colleagues around  the world. People continue to prioritise travel, with  consumer surveys indicating travel to be  among the most resilient of discretionary  spending areas, even with inflationary  pressure. Leisure has led the way, with  business travel and group activity improving  steadily. Across our major markets, demand  returned quickly with the lifting of Covid-19  restrictions, and we saw strong average daily  rate growth as the year progressed. That said, whenever restrictions  have eased in Greater China, demand has  returned strongly, and we see positive signs  for 2023 as the region reopens. Operating profit of $628m improved from  51% 20% $494m in 2021. The signing of 467 hotels took our global  pipeline to 1,859, which is 31% of todays  system size. 12.2m 58% We can be proud of this performance,  Loyalty members added The proportion of digital  which was achieved while responding to the  year-on-year since launch bookings made with a mobile  ongoing impact of the pandemic, especially  of IHG One Rewards device following the launch  in Greater China, and other challenges. of the new IHG app In response to the war in Ukraine, we ceased  all operations in Russia, alongside supporting  our humanitarian charity partners and hotels  in providing shelter to those affected. | 6 IHG Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022 3_Chair_and_CEO_review_v72.indd 6 3_Chair_and_CEO_review_v72.indd 6 23/02/2023 16:51 23/02/2023 16:51 Strategic Report Furthermore, IHGs technology systems were 13% of our system size and 20% of our total In 2022, this included new or enhanced  subject to unauthorised criminal access in pipeline, which is approaching twice the size procurement programmes, streamlined  September a constant threat that we and it was five years ago. housekeeping models and evolved brand  many companies must remain alive to in standards to help mitigate inflation. Further evolving our portfolio, in 2022  todays world. labour shortages, rising costs and  all-inclusive destinations. This brand sits in a newly people, communities and planet. We were also there for our communities,  Key to the success of our brands is the  Our strategy enables us to capitalise on responding to natural disasters and delivering  investment in the enterprise platform that  this demand, with this years achievements thousands of volunteer acts of service through  supports them, with this years transformation  illustrating our ability to strengthen returns our Giving for Good month. Providing  reputation with key stakeholders. Maintaining an inclusive, engaging  openings in 2022. Cost-effective designs, increased loyalty contribution and guest  culture is fundamental to our success, so I was  service or food and beverage concepts were satisfaction. We also used our refreshed IHG Hotels & Resorts our brands around the world, including how  celebrated Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants masterbrand to showcase our portfolio we grow responsibly and retain and attract  first opening in Australia, 18 openings for across TV, social media, cities and airports, talent. Im confident our strategy will guide us  voco hotels. towards an even brighter future for owners,  Also powering IHG One Rewards was our new  guests and colleagues. On behalf  properties and our first avid hotels property digital bookings. The app illustrates how of the Executive Committee, I would also  in Canada. Our voco brand recently achieved our digital-first approach is creating richer like to thank our colleagues for showing the  the milestone of 100 opened and signed experiences for guests, while producing cost world just what True Hospitality for Good  TM hotels, and Vignette Collection secured efficiencies, maximising revenue opportunities, means to us all at IHG, as well as our owners  its first 17 properties by the end of 2022. and delivering data and insights for owners. Hong Kong and eight amazing resorts signed care centres, which is helping handle calls  for Six Senses Hotels Resorts & Spas. more efficiently, improving guest satisfaction  and freeing up busy on-property teams. and operate our hotels, collaborating with Keith Barr Luxury & Lifestyle brands now represent our owners and the IHG Owners Association.