 02 London Stock Exchange Group plc  Annual Report 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT T N N O E C N S I A M O T C P I E I A I T T T S G A Y I A A M M L L I   A N R D T N A O LSEG at a glance continued THE TRADE LIFECYCLE We are an integral  partner for our customers  across every stage of the  trade lifecycle, in multiple  asset classes. Divisions Data & Analytics Capital Markets Post Trade  High-value data, analytics, indices, Venues/platforms for access to Clearing, risk management,  workflow solutions and data capital through issuance and capital optimisation and  management capabilities. secondary market trading for regulatory reporting solutions. equities, fixed income, and  foreign exchange (FX). Financial highlights Revenue Revenue Income (excluding recoveries) 4,944m 1,459m 991m Data & Analytics 67% Capital Markets 20% Post Trade 13% 1 Growth +4.2%, and +5.3% +9.8% +7.5%  when excluding the impacts of (including NTI) the Ukraine/Russia conflict Customer profile A broad range of financial market participants, including banks, buy-side and sell-side trading desks,  hedge funds, asset owners and managers, corporates, brokers, academics and issuers. Market positions #1 real-time data business. Revenues and costs associated with the BETA divestment  have been classified as discontinued and are excluded from all periods. For more detail on  our business model  refer to pages 36-39. developing senior relationships,  This has been funded, in large  managing risk and organisational  part, from the proceeds of the  change will benefit the Group as  divestment of the BETA business,  we look to further capitalise on  which completed on 1 July 2022. We continue to successfully The Board is proposing a final  Jacques Aigrain stepped down  dividend of 75.3 pence per  from the Board in April having  share, representing a total  execute on our multi-year  served nine years as a Non- dividend of 107 pence per share,  Executive Director. Don Robert We are committed to partnering I am also pleased by his ongoing  Chair with our customers globally to association with the Group,  create valuable solutions. This having joined the Tradeweb  will remain a fundamental pillar board in July 2022. auditor and that LSEGs current  On behalf of the Board, Im  auditor, EY, would resign as  pleased to welcome Scott Guthrie,  auditor of the Group following  Microsofts Executive Vice  completion of the audit for the  President, Cloud and AI Group  1 Pro-forma, constant currency growth, excluding the impact of the deferred revenue  year ending 31 December 2023. 2022 growth includes the impact of lost revenue as a result of the  as a Non-Executive Director. 06 London Stock Exchange Group plc  Annual Report 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executive Officers statement continued Our strong cash generation At a high level, our plans comprise  enables us to continue to four main elements: 