 easyJet.com 1 CHAIRMANS LETTER Building Europes  most loved airline When I joined the Board last year, I was convinced  that easyJet could be a structural winner in the  evolving European airline industry, serving  customers well and delivering attractive shareholder  value. volumes once travel restrictions had lifted. And while the  summer saw load  normal operational stability. Pre-tax profit for the fourth  pandemic began. The strengthening of our balance sheet Balance sheet from the rights issue a year ago proved its Financial strength is an important attribute  worth both avoiding defensive pressures in this industry, especially in challenging  as Covid-19 extended its impact in winter, times. As at 30 September 2022, easyJet  whilst supporting valuable slot expansion had unrestricted access to 4.7 billion of  during the year in Gatwick and Lisbon, liquidity, an increase of 0.3 billion during  successful route mix enhancement and the year, despite repaying 377 million of  then the decision to continue fleet renewal debt and the purchase of eight aircraft. I am very  grateful to all three for their significant  contributions to the Board. Following a thorough search led by the  Nominations Committee for three new  Non-Executive Directors, Ryanne van der Eijk,  Harald Eisencher and Dr Detlef Trefzger  were appointed to the Board with effect  During the year, easyJet has set out plans for the next  from 1 September 2022. We are delighted to  phase of our journey towards our ultimate ambition of  welcome them and anticipate their mix of  experience will add positively to our work. for their continued dedication and  under our control. It is  exaggeration to note that the last few  on capital allocation and the enhanced  gratifying to see results bouncing back but  years have brought unprecedented stress  contribution that ancillaries and easyJet  there remains much more to do to produce  and difficulty to managing an airline. We are determined to show  particular thanks and appreciation. generating 38 million of profit before tax  There has been a constant dialogue with our  Sustainability and the optimised network proving its  stakeholder groups throughout the year, and  The airline industry as a whole has worth in the fourth quarter. on behalf of the Board, I would like to take  a particular responsibility to respond  this opportunity to thank them for their  I am convinced that easyJet can be a winner  effectively to the climate-based challenges  partnership. It was therefore both  our customers and shareholders. easyJet.com 71 CHAIRMANS STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CHAIRMANS STATEMENT ON  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE An intense year has seen the Board focus on  navigating industry-wide challenges from Covid  recovery, while charting a strong longer-term  strategy, positioning easyJet to be an industry  winner in the years ahead. The first half saw  purpose and ambition were aligned. The Board spent considerable  requirements. In June, we announced that  time on this, reviewing our purpose and  we had reached agreement with Airbus to  strategic aspiration, the roadmap and tools