 70 INCHCAPE ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Compliance with the UK Corporate GovernanceCode The 2022 Annual Report and Accounts is prepared with reference to the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code (Code)  which is published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) and available at www.frc.org.uk. Since the last Remuneration Policy was introduced in 2020, the UK pension offering has been simplified in  astandardised defined contribution plan (from a mix of defined benefit and defined contribution arrangements). As such  the contribution rate is now estimated to be approx. Under the proposed Remuneration Policy, to be put to shareholders at the AGM in May, newly appointed Executive  Directors will receive a pension contribution rate of 7% of salary, in line with UK employees. pages 5 to 7 Director biographies  The Directors use their judgement and objectivity, supported by a structured governance   pages 78 to 79 framework, which enables the Board to operate effectively, generating value for shareholders,  and contributing to wider society. Responsible Business  Other policies include health and safety, anti-bribery and corruption, inclusion and diversity, pages 37 to 42 and whistleblowing, which are all available in multiple languages. Division of responsibilities The role of the Chairman The Chairman is responsible for the leadership of the Board and is separate from the role of FURTHER READING  Group Chief Executive. He sets meeting agendas designed to encourage constructive debate Board evaluation   page83 and promote a culture of openness and inclusion. He oversees that all Directors receive  accurate, timely, and clear information. Committee terms  The Senior Independent Director acts as a sounding board for the Chairman, serving as an  of reference  intermediary to other Board members. Director biographies  The Non-Executive Directors are required to allocate sufficient time to the Company to   pages 78 to 79 discharge their responsibilities. Board dates are agreed two years in advance and time  commitment expected is reviewed annually to ensure Directors are able to plan their time  accordingly. Directors must obtain prior approval from the Board before taking on another  directorship to avoid over-boarding. Company Secretary The Group Company Secretary supports the Board by providing advice on the governance FURTHER READING  framework and ensuring that the appropriate policies and procedures are in place to allow Matters reserved  for the Board  itto function effectively. Nomination  Committee  The Nomination Committee engages external search consultancies when searching for Board   pages 85 to 87 position candidates. Skills, experience and knowledge of the Board The Directors must possess the skills, experience and knowledge to support and challenge FURTHER READING  management in the execution of the Accelerate strategy and to provide sound advice and Board skills   page 77 insight on material issues. During 2022, the Board carried out an internal evaluation. www.inchcape.com  INCHCAPE ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 73 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT  CONTINUED Audit, risk and internal control Internal and external audit The Chair of the Audit Committee reports to the Board on the independence and FURTHER READING  effectiveness of internal and external audit functions and the integrity of the financial   Audit Committee  statements throughout the year. The system can  only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss  andcannot eliminate business risk. The Remuneration   Directors Report on  Committee ensures the remuneration policy is designed to support the successful delivery Remuneration   pages 96 to 116 ofthe Accelerate strategy, and is aligned to the Groups purpose and values. The Committee believes that the disclosure of the remuneration arrangements is transparent  with clear rationale provided on implementation and changes to policy. The Committee  remains committed to consulting with shareholders and other key stakeholders on the policy  and its application. The Committee has ensured that remuneration arrangements do not encourage and reward  excessive risk taking by setting targets which are stretching yet realistic, with discretion to  adjust formulaic bonus and PSP outcomes and expanding the circumstances in which malus  and clawback can be applied. Linking strategy to the performance measures used balances predictability and  proportionality by ensuring outcomes do not reward poor performance in the short and  long-term. The Committee is supported by external  advisors to provide guidance on best practice. Exercising independent judgement The Remuneration Committee is made up of independent Non-Executive Directors. No Executive Director is involved in deciding their own remuneration or in determining  remuneration outcomes. Nayantara Bali was unable to join one additional Board meeting due to a prior engagement.