 Independent auditors report 145 Group consolidated statements 159 Group accounting policies 164 Notes to the Group accounts 172 Company financial statements 202 Notes to the Company financial 204 Note: We use a number of Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) to assist in  statements presenting information in this report in an easily analysable and comparable form. APMs are defined in the Finance Review on page 47. foundations See pages 2-23  We are repositioning our portfolio to be more closely aligned with the powerful  Exploring  megatrends that are reshaping our markets, creating new growth opportunities,  new horizons where we can apply our smart science to improve lives. See pages 34-51 Croda International Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 1 Strength in our foundations  At a glance A balanced global footprint About us Croda is the name behind some of  Our Purpose Our Commitment the worlds most successful brands. The United  arerelied on by industries and consumers  underpins everything we do. Nations Sustainability Development Goals  around the world. ( All our locations  have externally validated decarbonisation  roadmaps in place. North America 5 manufacturing sites 6 innovation centres 6 sales offices Latin America 5 manufacturing sites 6 innovation centres Employees by region  11 sales offices Key Asia Europe, Middle  Principal manufacturing site 1,526 East & Africa  Other manufacturing site 2,884 Innovation centre Latin America  Sales office 454 North America  961 2 Croda International Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 Strategic report Our markets Consumer Care Life Sciences  Positively impacting everyday life Pharma Crop Care  We develop innovative and sustainable  ingredients that provide vital functionality Pioneering the future of Pharma Innovating for sustainable  to Consumer Care formulations, enabling We develop components and systems agriculture customers to differentiate their products. sustainabilitychallenges and  enable nextgeneration solutions. In addition, the Croda  Foundation has approved over 1.1m in funding  for13 projects and distributed 6 Croda International Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 Strategic report volume and weaker mix. In addition to our typical capital investment of  to the reader, it