 Colleague engagement meetings, as part of our annual compliance everything we do. strategy and support customers transition to a low carbon economy. > Climate-related risks and opportunities identified and used to inform > Continue work to understand and quantify climate-related risks and  ourdetailed climate strategy, which includes SBTs guiding emissions opportunities over the medium and long term. b) The impact of climat e-related risks and Pages 240 > Disclosure of emissions and SBTs, with interim targets to provide > Continue to embed climate-related risks and opportunities into financial  opportunities on the organisations businesses, to 241 apathway which guides our transition to net zero. andstrategic planning, across different time horizons. > Executive level Environment Committee established in FY21 was made > Enhance the suite of climate-related management information which  permanent in the year and sat monthly, with support from a number of isreported through Executive and Board level committees. > Enhanced analysis to understand risks to transition plan delivery. Virgin Money Annual Report & Accounts 2022 43 S Stra trat tegic report egic report Governance Risk report TCFD Financial statements Additional information Our TCFD summary TCFD recommendations  and recommended disclosures Location Summary Future focus b) Descr ibe the organisations processes Page 250 > Specialist 2nd Line climate risk resource in place, carrying out activity > Policy enhancements to further embed climate risk within credit  formanaging climate-related risks. tomanage, measure and mitigate risk exposures. > Business lending credit assessment processes enhanced. > A range of commercial targets across the business and mortgage  portfolios are in place. theneed for industry-specific GHG efficiency ratios. > Operational targets in place and met for reducing energy, waste and and supplier emissions aspiration to be quantified. through Executive and Board level committees, to gauge progress against  climate-related targets and commitment. tolookto grow and participate more actively  mortgage rates persists into FY23 we expect  ring-fenced banks into the mortgage market,  insegments of the market offering better  elevated levels of remortgage activity and a  During FY22 wealso updated our policy to  seeking to grow balances. digital integration and in-app functionality. During the second half of the year,  Payments. tightened underwriting criteria in the second wealso tightened underwriting standards  such as instalment credit, payment functionality  half of the year in response to the rising cost toaccount forcost of living increases in our  and other Virgin Money products and services,  Having launched Slyce, our innovative  ofliving. reducing customer complaints and aligning  remained attractive to do so with customer  We will continue with our longer-term strategy  We further developed the level of digitisation  toour Purpose of making our customers feel  rates below the rate of swaps. digital transformation and customer propositions  leave us well placed to drive profitable growth,  despite the uncertain economic outlook. Provision coverage levels Unsecured balances performed strongly there was a 13% increase in lower-cost tothe 75m share buyback that commenced  remain robust at 62bps (2021:70bps), above throughout the year growing 14% as the relationship deposits, now comprising 53% inJune. Mortgage  during the year, underlying RoTE was down Capital remained strong in the period, during FY23, following a strong performance  balances were broadly stable during the  relative to last year at 13.5% (2021: 17.8%), withthetransitional CET1 ratio of 15.0% this year. In Business, interest income  more during the period of COVID-19 restrictions. Wholesale funding 16,169 (296) (1.83) 13,591 (176) (1.30) increased by 33m in the year, despite lower  Wholesale funding costs increased in the year,  average balances, as the yield ofthe book Other interest bearingliabilities 145 (3) n/a 164 (4) n/a driven by an increase in average balances  improved, given the lower mix of lower-yielding  Total average interest  following issuance throughout theyear. One-off movements in the year were  behaviour.