 114 Section 172 statement  www.rotork.com  Rotork Annual Report 2022  01  Strategic report  Highlights  A strong set of results Rotork’s 2022 results were strong. The division identifies and solves critical reliability, efficiency and safety challenges for customers across a broad range of end markets including decarbonisation, chemical, HVAC and mining. We aim to outgrow them through the implementation of our Growth+ strategy – focusing on Target Segments and delivering Customer Value and Innovative Products & Services. The lower cash conversion of 76% in 2022 was in part a timing issue, reflecting a high level of sales in the final weeks of the year, and tactical inventory build. We aim to grow our dividend with earnings over time whilst recognising the importance to our shareholders of an increasing dividend. The Inflation Reduction Act includes significant funding for water quality. The lifting of China’s COVID-19 restrictions and the reopening of the country’s economy has the potential to boost activity in this important region and is expected to be positive for global economic growth  www.rotork.com  Strategic report  Social performance Whilst 2022 saw some return to normality post COVID-19 in certain parts of the world, the pandemic continued to cause loss and suffering elsewhere. Underlining the importance that we attach to achieving our net-zero targets, we are proposing the inclusion of scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas reduction targets into our senior team’s long-term remuneration opportunity starting 2023. Whilst the Rotork team derives great motivation through its Purpose of ‘keeping the world flowing for future generations’, it is also pleasing to be recognised  www.rotork.com  Corporate governance  Financial statements  by external agencies. I will soon have been a director of Rotork for nine years, and Chairman for the last 8 years, and in-line with best governance practice I am not standing for reappointment at the AGM on the 28 April 2023. With the 2022 interim dividend of 2.40p, the total dividend for the year is 6.70p, a 4.7% increase on the 2021 full year dividend. Rotork is well placed to benefit, for example through the recently launched CK range of waterproof actuators  14 Rotork Annual Report 2022   www.rotork.com  Strategic report  Corporate governance  Financial statements  Digitalisation  Sustainability  Digitalisation is the use of digital technologies to change a business model and provide new value to customers. Sustainability is a major opportunity for us, including through methane emissions and flaring elimination and low- and no-carbon fuels  Water quality  New energies  Water quality challenges are creating opportunities globally, for example in network infrastructure modernisation, water treatment and desalination. Chief Executive Officer’s statement  I am extremely pleased to report a strong set of results  Kiet Huynh Chief Executive Officer  I am pleased to report a resumption of organic sales growth and a strong second half performance as expected. I would like to thank everyone for the warm reception I have received, it was great to spend time renewing acquaintances and making new contacts. The scheme made more grants in 2022 than it did in 2021. We completed two employee engagement