 Im pleased that as the debate on the best path to net zero in the  USNortheast continues we have forged strong inroads with key  theweaponisation of global energy  stakeholders to find pragmatic solutions to bring us closer to a clean,  isnolongertheoretical. This pivot underlines our  is not just secure and clean, but fair and affordable. Anew business unit, Strategic Infrastructure (SI), will lead  the grid, although thats critical to tackle climate change. (10%at constant currency) to 4.6 billion. The scale of the challenge and opportunity  remainshuge. Investment and delivering for shareholders  National Grid is operating at the very heart of this transition. Over the five years of our financial outlook we  while designing the networks of tomorrow. Whilst continuing to invest at scale and pace in both the UK and US,  wewill deliver average asset growth of 810% per annum (compound Weve continued to develop our proposals for the critical infrastructure needed to  upgrade the network and enable the connection of more offshore wind. We have the financial visibility  businesses to low-carbon energy. The Hinkley team has also energised  tomaintain a resilient balance sheet and a track record of delivering Shurton substation in Somerset, to support Hinkley Point C nuclear power  station in readiness for the connection of its generators in the future. stakeholders over the course of two years, is now agreed with Ofgem. We have run a significant winter awareness campaign to encourage vulnerable  Empowering colleagues, delivering for  customers to sign up to the Priority Services Register, ensuring people know  customers and enriching communities how best to prepare for winter and that we can serve our customers in the  best way possible. run across two years to our communities in the US and the UK. OHara has been appointed as President UK ED. Id like to thank Phil for his  valuableservice. In the US, we committed $17 million to help customers on the front line  ofthe energy crisis, and our Winter Customer Savings Initiative in ESO highlights:  3 Massachusetts resulted in more than 248,000 customers receiving  Creation of the FSO: we successfully delivered our separation blueprint to  discounted rates, more than 25,000 electing for budget/balanced billing Ofgem and the UK Government in December 2022. complete in 2024, in line with Government ambition. These are important milestones for progressing  forhouseholds who need help with energy bills, payments and debt. Moneyfrom the fund will be used by beneficiary organisations to  The Clean Energy and Climate Plan (CECP) issued by the outgoing Baker  support people struggling with energy costs by increasing the number  Administration recognised the role that decarbonised fuels will play in meeting  ofsupport staff giving advice on phonelines, providing fuel vouchers and  the Commonwealths net zero ambitions, including for commercial and  improving the energy efficiency of homes at no cost to householders,  industrial customers and hard to electrify sectors. This fund has supported 30,000 households to date. revenue to Ofgem ahead of schedule, to help consumers sooner. This loss has had a profound  climategoals. Its clear that investment in traditional infrastructure will  through the establishment of a new policy and safety strategy called  still be necessary to maintain reliability and safety, and that a decarbonised  Stand Up For Safety. A second fatality occurred in September 2022  gas system has a key role in achieving emissions reduction targets, as we map  when avegetation contractor in our New York business died following  a pathway for the scaling up of renewable natural gas and green hydrogen. Everyone should return home safely  The New York state legislature has introduced a bill, written in consultation with  atthe end of their working day and following these tragedies we are  National Grid, to establish a highway and depot charging action plan to meet  re-doubling our efforts to ensure this is the case for all who work on  the upcoming surge in demand from the electrification of passenger vehicles  ourassets. Id like to take  totalNational Grid interconnector capacity to 6.4 GW. thepotential to power nearly 500,000 homes.