 Companies list for 20 consecutive years and received delivering sustainable business performance and  awards for diversity and wellbeing. this year as well as visits to colleagues overseas. We believe that, over the the challenges they face. delivering great outcomes for our customers. We will miss her unstinting support and wise  future and the business has really lived by its purpose  counsel. for its customers when they need us most. 2022 saw extreme weather from flash floods to forest  was recognised  fires and a freeze event. Admiral colleagues chose  to take a proactive approach, identifying customers  as a Great Place  in the impacted areas and contacting them to  understand how we could support them. Our role in Society doing the right thing Admiral takes its role in society very seriously and has Annette Court an active approach to Corporate Responsibility which Group Chair focuses on all our stakeholders and the wider impact  7 March 2023 we have (more information in the Sustainability Report  on the Admiral website). We employ  over 8,000 people in South Wales and our people play  an active part in the communities in which we operate. A goodbye and thank you  We carefully consider our impact on the community  and environment, including factors such as the green  from Annette Court credentials of our buildings, raising funds for multiple  I have thoroughly enjoyed every  charities, and the impact of climate change across  the business. current operations using a third party and these were  subsequently offset to become carbon neutral. I feel privileged to have been part of this special  company. Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 Company Overview Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information 21 The international markets were also under pressure  2022 was another year of navigating  with very low market average premiums in Italy  stormy waters and, once again,  and Spain. At times, over the last 12 months, it has felt  blown off course in 2022. Were developing new capabilities,  were going. especially in data and technology, to enhance our  customer experience. For example, we launched a  The cyclical nature of insurance is not new. We were  new claims management system which will reduce  quicker than most to react to the changing market  settlement time for many UK motor customers and  conditions and implemented price increases ahead  have established a Data Academy to accelerate our  of others in response to higher inflation. This discipline resulted, for our insurance business  in the UK, in delivering a profit of 616 million,  above 2019 pre-pandemic levels and it will put us  on a strong footing for when the cycle turns. and uses historical strengths our proposition to  but is even more agile. its test and learn  philosophy to further  develop competencies. 713m including restructure costs In the UK specifically we are experiencing strong  customer growth in the Household, Loans and Travel  1,2,3 businesses that increased their turnover by 31% to  EPS (pence)  350 million combined in 2022. We continue to do  2020 170.7p our best to support customers and we have a team  dedicated to supporting those more financially  vulnerable ones. Having a positive impact on our wider society is also  central to our ethos. And, on behalf of all my colleagues, I would like  to thank Annette for her considerable contribution to  the Board, her strong commitment to Admiral and its  people, and the guidance and support she has always  generously offered to the wider management team  over the last 11 years, while embedding the Admiral  culture at her very heart. I wish Annette all the best  for her future. I look forward to working together in 2023  and crucially celebrating Admirals 30th birthday. Milena Mondini de Focatiis  Group Chief Executive Officer Milena Mondini de Focatiis  Chief Executive Officer 7 March 2023