 The Unilever Group consists of Unilever PLC (PLC) together with the  companies it controls. Our Governance Report, pages 77 to 131, contains detailed corporate governance  The Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2022 (and the  information, our Committee reports and how we remunerate our Directors. Any website is included as an inactive textual  linkonly. Key categories:      Fabric Cleaning  12.4bn 21% 14%    Fabric Enhancers  Turnover of Unilever of Unilever    Home & Hygiene  turnover underlying    Water & Air  operating    profit      See pages 21-23  Nutrition    A World-class Force for Good in Food. Like Prestige Beauty, Health & Wellbeing is now a 1 billion+  Performance  business, enjoying double-digit growth. This approach is serving Unilever well and will continue  The decision to introduce price increases responsibly, but  to guide the Companys portfolio strategy. This included strong  performances in the Unilever heartlands of South Asia, South  East Asia, and Latin America. Indeed, it was  instructive to see one renowned dictionary, Collins, declare  We delivered a strong set of results in 2022, but it is the quality  permacrisis to be word of the year in 2022, defined as an   and consistency of our performance that gives most cause  extended period of instability and insecurity. Recent acquisitions and  governments brutal and senseless invasion of Ukraine not  disposals have helped to position Unilever more effectively  only brought war to Europe and untold suffering to the  infaster-growing parts of the market, including in Prestige  people of Ukraine but also amplified an emerging global  Beauty andHealth & Wellbeing. It also  have the freedom to set their own strategies and allocate  helpsto explain why we are the industry employer of choice  resources, bringing new levels of speed and focus to the way  in 16 of our top 20 markets. To strengthen the business case further and provide greater  Crucially, the model is also founded on leveraging the power  focus to our sustainability efforts, we have called out four  and scale of One Unilever through our highly skilled Unilever  areas that will define our corporate priorities in the period  Business Operations team the systems backbone of the  ahead: accelerated action on climate change; reducing our  Company as well as through the expertise provided by a lean  plastic footprint; regenerating nature and agriculture; and  Corporate Centre. raising living standards in our value chain, including through  the implementation of a living wage. arelikely to ease later in the year, inflation will remain  athistorically high levels for some time to come, with all  Q. How are you progressing towards your  theattendant consequences for consumer confidence  andspending. grew double-digit in 2022, supports this. ofprofit from the sale of our Tea business and 1.2 billion  We continued to serve consumers in these challenging times ofother non-underlying items, the most significant being  with our focus on operational excellence. Overheads increased by 30bps  8.3billion and free cash flow of 5.3 billion during the year. This had, as expected, some  completed over 2022-23. This was partially offset  In emerging markets, underlying sales grew by 11.2%, with  by a reduction in number of shares as a result of the share  a13.5% contribution from price and volumes down by 2.0%. This means  creating purposeful and meaningful brands that positively  impact people and planet, using cutting-edge science  andtechnology for superior products, and increasing the  In 2022, we invested in our  desirability of our brands to make them relevant and timeless. Health & Wellbeing is a key growth space of the future,  asconsumers increasingly turn to vitamins, minerals and  supplements (VMS). Our other brands are continuing to place purpose and  Developed markets grew single-digit with North America  sustainability at the core of their propositions, often guided  leading the growth driven by premium portfolio and digital  bytheir original founders social mission. 16 Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2022 | Strategic Report Review of the Year - Business Group Review: Personal Care  Making a positive impact Performance in 2022  Our biggest brands combine product superiority and strong Turnover increased by 15.9%. In 2022, it reached 647 million people through  Skin Cleansing grew high single-digit with strong pricing offset  powerful TV commercials that are proven to help improve  by volume decline. Meanwhile, our Rexona brand's Breaking Limits  markets, North America grew mid-single-digit with declining  programme is taking an inclusive approach to sport and  volumes, despite service challenges as multiple resilience  physical activity to build young peoples confidence to  actions such as alternative sourcing and factory efficiency  movemore. Highlights  Fabric Cleaning saw double-digit  competitive growth, driven by  pricing which was slightly offset  byvolume decline. Home & Hygiene grew by low  single-digit with high pricing offset  by volume decline. geographical footprint and two years of consecutive market  share growth. For example, after  asuccessful launch in Brazil, we launched dilute-at-home  India the value this has created over the last decade, with our  products through our Ala (OMO) brand in Argentina offering  focus on market development toshift consumers from laundry  bars and laundry powders to premium powders and laundry convenience, value and at the same time reducing our use  ofplastic. Dirt Is Good, which contributed 4 billion in turnover during  2022, continues to inspire young people to take action on  environmental and social causes. Unilever Food  Solutions serves food operators across the globe. Nutrition performance  Turnover Turnover growth Operating margin  2022 2022 32.4%  13.9bn  ..  2021  2021 16.1%  II 