 02  At a glance  Where we operate and what we do We connect business owners, drivers, dispatchers, and accountants with merchants in the fuel and alternative energy networks, toll and tax authorities, and other roadside and mobility service providers. To fulfil our customer needs, we provide an integrated product offering or a one-stop shop approach that eases the complexities and fragmentation found in the CRT industry, which differentiates us from the competition. We support our offering through our proven cross-selling strategy that seeks to achieve lifetime customer relationships. Our unique suite of services Read more on pages 10 to 13  1 Before the journey  2 On the road  Plan the route  Pay for traditional and alternative energy  Calculate expected costs  Pay for tolls  Insure the trip  Navigate safely  Book freight ferries  Communicate on the road Optimise fuel consumption  Our customer’s journey 1 Before the journey  2 On the road  Fleet dispatcher Hanna planned the optimal route for Johann to get to his destination. By using Eurowag’s data, acquired from Johann’s previous trips, she calculated indicative costs, secured the best insurance rate for this journey, and was also able to book Johann freight ferry transport. Johann did not have to worry about looking for a fuel station. He stopped at the station suggested by Eurowag, refuelled, and had a rest. Since he drove across multiple countries, Johann took advantage of Eurowag’s simplified toll payment system, and paid for services with Eurowag’s closed loop card. Johann “Eurowag’s solutions helped me realise maximum efficiencies.” When he needed to replace a tyre, Eurowag helped Johann find a repair station quickly. They were also pleased to see the cost-effectiveness that Eurowag’s solutions provided, from better price of fuel and other services, lower fuel usage, to tax refund and cheaper insurance costs. Clean, fair, and efficient from start to finish  EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2022  Other information  Increase cost-effectiveness  Key  Financial statements  3 After the journey 08  Chairman’s statement  Continuing to deliver for our stakeholders  Dear Fellow Shareholders, In 2022, Eurowag continued to see strong growth during a time of great instability across European economies. The impact of the Russian war in Ukraine, rising energy and fuel costs, and supply chain issues cannot be understated. In our first full year since listing on the London Stock Exchange, Eurowag continued to take significant steps towards becoming the ultimate on-road platform for our customers. We are delivering on our promise to our investors through growth plans that will ensure that we play an integral role in the digitalisation of the CRT industry. Confidence in Eurowag team On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere thanks to Eurowag’s employees – who deserve considerable credit for the Group’s achievements in 2022. Organic and inorganic growth I am pleased that the Company found a suitable solution to complete the acquisition of Webeye in the summer. This acquisition will create significant opportunities for increasing revenue and potentially enhancing our